1. Recent animal studies indicate that CSD can activate trigeminal nociception and thus trigger headache mechanism.
2. Nucleotide metabolism enzymes are potential drug targets for treating cancer and autoimmune diseases.
3. Taken together, it has been suggested that folate ligands could be potentially used as inhibitors of GART.
4.Recurrent TIA in the same territory leaves neuro deficit and this needs prevention by appropriate therapy (platelet antiaggregants, anticoagulants, surgical intervention).
5. Oral cavity carcinoma is the most common cancer in Indian population.
6. It is considered that the pain in migraineur is affected by hereditary factors, internal factors such as female sex hormone, and external factors as medication, meal, weather, stress, etc. 
7. Migraine can cause functional ocular disorder without any structural abnormalities.
8.	Therefore, this article is aimed to provide an overview on the current scientific evidence about the relationship between chocolate and migraine.
9.	The results of the double-blind studies are instead unequivocal, and clearly demonstrate that the risk of developing a headache attack after ingestion of chocolate is as likely as administering placebo in patients with migraine. 
10.	Cerebral and systemic endothelial function had no correlation in migraineurs. 
11.	 Increasing BMI was identified as a predictor of impaired BHI in the BA in migraineurs (p=0.020). 
12.	Thus only 2 patients (< 1 %) out of 210 clinically N0 oral squamous cell carcinoma showed level IIB lymph node involvement. 
13.	This review supports the existence of reversible cognitive dysfunction during the migraine attack, corroborating patients' subjective descriptions.
14.	Greater ONB does not reduce the frequency of moderate to severe migraine days in patients with episodic or chronic migraine compared to placebo.
15.	Choroidal thickness was found to be significantly decreased in unilateral migraine patients during the attack period when compared with the control group, whereas OPA did not change.
16.	Complex migraine aura in teenagers can be complicated to diagnose. 
17.	The purpose of this study was to analyze the significance of level IIB dissection in patients of oral cavity cancer who underwent primary surgery with functional neck dissection.  
18.	Aura symptoms vary to a great extent in complexity in teenage migraineurs.
19.	Exploring clinical characteristics and migraine covariates may be useful in the diagnosis of migraine without aura.
20.	In cases that do not fulfill all of the diagnostic criteria although they are largely consistent with the characteristics of migraine in clinical terms.
21.	The PFO closure results in migraine subsiding or symptoms noticeably ameliorating.
22.	Tracheobronchial rupture is a rare but potentially life-threatening complication commonly caused by neck and chest trauma. 
23.	Intake of most suggested migraine dietary triggers differs by migraine aura status and attack frequency, a pattern not found for non-migraine headache.
24.	Gender has an influence on the characteristics of the headache as well as on the associated symptoms in migraine patients, and this impact varies across the age groups, particularly in women.
25.	It seems that many signs and symptoms have low diagnostic usefulness for discrimination of true TIA from non-cerebrovascular events and predictive usefulness of any sign or symptom should be interpreted by a stroke neurologist.
26.	Serum levels of ICAM1-IL-6 were significantly higher in migraine patients during attacks than in controls (p < 0.05). 
27.	Patent foramen ovale (PFO) has been associated with paradoxical embolism leading to stroke/transient ischemic attack, migraine, and neurological decompression sickness. 
28.	With appropriate preassessment of the PFO anatomy, the Flatstent works as a safe and effective method of treating the PFO from within the tunnel, especially in those with long-tunnel PFOs. 
29.	Initial multifocal hypoperfusion is likely due to functional depression of multifocal origin in the affected hemisphere, but the mechanism of persistent hyperperfusion requires further investigation.
30.	This study describes the case of an 8-year-old boy who developed a genuine migraine after the surgical excision, from the right occipital lobe, of brain abscesses due to selective infestation of the cerebrum by Entamoeba histolytica. 
31.	A prolonged video-EEG recording performed before, during, and after an acute attack ruled out ictal or postictal migraine. 
32.	 In this boy, an occipital lesion caused occipital epileptiform EEG discharges without seizures, probably prevented by the treatment. 
33.	Occipital epileptiform discharges, even in absence of seizures, may trigger a genuine migraine, probably by means of either the trigeminovascular or brainstem system.
34.	Almotriptan malate (ALM), indicated for the treatment of migraine in adults is not a drug candidate feasible to be administered through the oral route during the attack due to its associated symptoms such as nausea and vomiting.
35.	The investigation revealed promising potential of GG microspheres for delivering ALM intranasally for the treatment of migraine.
36.	These findings support the use of the Singapore preference weights for EQ-5D valuations when measuring health-related quality of life and comparing the health burden of psychiatric and chronic physical conditions among adults in Singapore.
37.	A literature search of the databases Ovid and Google Scholar was performed for studies looking specifically at neurologic side effects associated with sclerotherapy and use of physiologic foams.
38.	Although physiologic gases have been shown in several studies to reduce the incidence of visual disturbance, increasing evidence from recent studies suggest endothelin, rather than gas bubbles to be the cause of these side effects. 
39.	The cause of stroke and TIA has not been proven and occlusion of cerebral arterioles from gas emboli should still be considered.
40.	Additionally, as there are few disadvantages to the use of physiologic foam, the use of CO2 or CO2/O2 foam should be considered in all patients receiving foam sclerotherapy.
41.	These integral parts of the cell machinery are implicated in regulating the cardiac, skeletal and smooth muscle contraction, nerve impulses, salt and water homeostasis, as well as pain and taste perception. 
42.	Their malfunction often results in various channelopathies of the heart, brain, skeletal muscles, and lung; thus, sodium channels are key drug targets for various disorders including cardiac arrhythmias, heart attack, stroke, migraine, epilepsy, pain, cancer, and autoimmune disorders. 
43.	 As the protein matrix attenuates ion-protein interactions relative to ion-solvent interactions by enlarging the pore and allowing water to enter, so the ion interacts indirectly with the conserved glutamates via bridging water molecules. 
44.	As noted in the separate introduction to this special topic section, episodic and electrical disorders can appear quite different clinically and yet share many overlapping features, including attack precipitants, therapeutic responses, natural history, and the types of genes that cause many of the genetic forms (i.e., ion channel genes). 
45.	However, some of these disorders do not result from mutations in channels.
46.	Recently, emerging insights into a fascinating group of episodic movement disorders, the paroxysmal dyskinesias, and study of the causative genes and proteins are leading to the emerging concept of episodic electric disorders resulting from synaptic dysfunction. 
47.	As it does, we have come to realize that the molecular pathogenesis of electrical and episodic disorders is more complex than a scenario in which such disorders are simply due to mutations in the primary determinants of membrane excitability (channels).
48.	Migraine attacks are sometimes initiated by trigger factors, exposures which increase the probability of an attack. 
49.	We review candidate predictors of migraine attack and discuss the methodological issues and approaches to studying attack prediction and suggest that electronic diaries may be the method of choice.
50.	We prospectively interviewed 309 consecutive patients presenting to an urban ED for headache. 
51.	We report the perioperative management of a 15-month-old infant with giant abdominal neuroblastoma who presented severe hypertension. 
52.	Numerous studies have described a relationship between migraine and stroke, and there is emerging evidence that migraine is also associated with cardiovascular disease.
53.	Given the large number of patients with comorbid migraine and cardiovascular as well as cerebrovascular disease, there is an unmet need to treat these patients.
54.	Cognitive difficulties contribute to patients' disability during migraine attacks and have been overlooked in migraine research. 
55.	VM occur at approximately 1:5,000 to 10,000; approximately 40% of them occur in the head and neck regions. 
56.	Cognitive performance decreases during migraine attacks, especially in reading and processing speed, verbal memory and learning, supporting patients' subjective complaints.
57.	Since in this patient group the repeated migraine attacks were the only known risk factors for the development of white matter hyperintensities, the remeasurements of migraineurs after a 3-year long follow-up may show changes in the status of these structural abnormalities as the effects of the repeated headaches.
58.	Classical appearance of VM on imaging is a demonstration of near-normal-sized or mildly dilated feeding arteries which subsequently lead to dilated venous structures of varying caliber, thus constituting the malformation. 
59.	Migraineurs in the attack-free period have higher pCBF, particularly basilar artery flow, compared to controls, supporting the notion of sustained vascular differences between these groups outside of migraine attacks.
60.	Headache chronicity has been known to elicit deleterious effects on quality of life (QOL). We evaluated the contribution of headache chronicity to QOL in relation to clinical, psychiatric, and psychosocial variables in patients with migraine.
61.	Chronic migraine appears to impair QOL directly as well as indirectly by provoking disability and depression.
62.	 Studies have demonstrated that exposure to estrogen can lead to activation of inflammatory pathways, changes in sodium gated channel activity, as well as enhanced vasodilation and allodynia.
63.	 Further examination of tissue samples revealed increased expression of genes associated with inflammation and vasodilation. 
64.	Further studies are needed to evaluate the etiopathologic relationship between choroidal thickness and acute migraine attack.
65.	Chronic migraine is a growing and disabling subtype of migraine with different risk factors and clinical features, even in older adults. 
66.	Chronic migraine is an infrequent type of migraine and shows age-related changes in some phenotypic characteristics, such as severity of attacks, especially in women aged older than 50 years.
67.	Migraine is a common, paroxysmal, and disabling primary headache with a high personal and socioeconomic impact.
68.	This article, based on a PubMed search, reviews the novel pharmacological possibilities that influence the peripheral and central sensitization involved in the disease.
69.	Between attacks, migraine is associated with hypersensitivities to sensory stimuli.
70.	This study provides evidence that migraineurs have low heat pain thresholds between migraine attacks.
71.	The presence of nose bleeding during a migraine attack as a single occurrence is so far rarely reported.
72.	Eight cases (1.1%) of nose bleeding during attacks of migraine with no other known causes were identified. 
73.	We aimed to investigate dry eye findings and any relationship with headache characteristics in migraine patients with and without aura. 
74.	The results show that dry eye may present in migraine patients with greater presence of auras and longer disease and attack durations.
75.	oBT produced self-management gains but could not account for improved attack frequency, because WLC improved as well.
76.	 Sustained headache relief (SHR) is therefore a very worthwhile outcome when the alternative is a day of debilitating pain. 
77.	 Any increase in airway peak pressure and ETCO2 will result in increase in intracranial pressure which must be avoided during craniotomies.
78.	Taken together our study replicates earlier findings of an attenuating effect of ASA on pain processing structures, which adds further evidence to a possibly central mechanism of action of ASA.
79.	Stress was cited as the overall most common migraine precipitating factor, which was identified as a trigger factor by 58 % of 7187 migraineurs. 
80.	The aim of this report is to assess the added benefit of radium-223 dichloride (hereinafter referred to as “radium-223”) in comparison with the appropriate comparator therapy (ACT) in patients with castration-resistant prostate cancer, symptomatic bone metastases and no known visceral metastases.
81.	 Multiple cytokines and growth factors are critical for the prognosis of cancer which has been regarded as a worldwide health problem.
82.	Acquired magnesium deficiency due to physical and psychological stressors relates to dysfunction of oxidative phosphorylation.
83.	Musculoskeletal changes i.e. lateral tension and idiopathic moving toes, as well as situations of physical and psychological stress and minor trauma and infection led to an increase of vascularization. 
84.	Improvement of thyroid function and morphology can be achieved after correcting the influence of stressors together with the supplementation regime.
85.	Among these signaling peptides, the role of neurotensin (NTS) on malignancy procession has become a hot topic. 
86.	It is generally well tolerated and has excellent oral bioavailability, providing significant benefit in the treatment of invasive fungal infections.
87.	There was no significant intracellular magnesium deficiency in children with chronic bronchial asthma. 
88.	Oxalate concentration in forage plants is important, because it results mineral deficiency in ruminants. 
89.	The oxalate and total oxalate concentrations, as well as mineral concentrations, decreased with advancing maturity. 
90.	Metabolic Syndrome, a pathological condition affecting approximately 35% of the USA population, is characterized by obesity, insulin resistance, and hypertension. 
91.	The associated increased in NADPH production within the ER then stimulates cortisol production, setting the conditions for hepatic insulin resistance and further altering liver metabolism.
92.	Moreover, because magnesium is predominantly an intracellular cation (>99%), serum magnesium levels remain a poor predictor of tissue magnesium content and availability. 
93.	Hypomagnesemia correlates with lower magnesium concentrations in drinking water (both rural tube-well and urban municipal waters), which can be attributed to the use of water purifiers. 
94.	 In this review we discuss the treatment options for pain and aura symptoms in migraine.
95.	The present study revealed that Vitamin D deficiency was higher in autism children compared to healthy children and supplementing infants with Vitamin D might be a safe and more effective strategy for reducing the risk of autism.
96.	The major plant nutrient magnesium (Mg) is involved in numerous physiological processes and its deficiency can severely reduce the yield and quality of crops. 
97.	Since Mg availability in soil and uptake into the plant is often limited by unfavorable soil or climatic conditions, application of Mg onto leaves, the site with highest physiological Mg demand, might be a reasonable alternative fertilization strategy.
98.	Ion analysis furthermore revealed an improvement of the nutrient status of Mg-deficient plants with regard to [Mg], [K], and [Mn] in distinct organs, thereby reducing the risk of Mn-toxicity at the rootside, which often occurs together with Mg deficiency on acid soils.
99.	 In conclusion, foliar fertilization with Mg proved to be an efficient strategy to adequately supply maize plants with Mg and might hence be of practical relevance to correct nutrient deficiencies during the growing season. 
100.	The study was aimed to develop a polymeric nanoparticle formulation of anticancer drug carboplatin using biodegradable polymer polycaprolactone (PCL).
101.	Lower Mg levels seem to be associated with increased CV risk markers, like PP, LVMI and VC, and with higher mortality in HD patients.
102.	Mg(2+) is the regulator par excellence of metabolism, largely through its role as a cofactor for all phosphoryl transfers in the cell. 
103.	 Because Mg(2+) deficiency inhibits energy production it might be expected to inhibit tumor production. 
104.	Varying Mg(2+) concentrations result in the same set of coordinated responses as varying serum concentrations. 
105.	Selection by serial rounds of high cell density or reduced serum concentration at low cell density results in progressive stages of field cancerization. 
106.	Zinc (Zn), calcium (Ca), and magnesium (Mg) malnutrition are common deficiencies in many developed and developing countries, resulting in a widespread health problem.
107.	 Larger shoot biomass reductions were observed under high Zn, Ca and Mg treatments, and superoxide dismutase (SOD), ascorbate peroxidase (APX), H2O2, malondialdehyde (MDA), and total ascorbate (AA) showed a marked increase in these treatments. 
108.	Larger shoot biomass reductions were observed under high Zn, Ca and Mg treatments, and superoxide dismutase (SOD), ascorbate peroxidase (APX), H2O2, malondialdehyde (MDA), and total ascorbate (AA) showed a marked increase in these treatments.
109.	Thiamine deficiency (TD) is accepted as the cause of beriberi because of its action in the metabolism of simple carbohydrates, mainly as the rate limiting cofactor for the dehydrogenases of pyruvate and alpha-ketoglutarate, both being critical to the action of the citric acid cycle. 
110.	 Because of the discovery of 2-hydroxyacyl-CoA lyase (HACL1) as the first peroxisomal enzyme in mammals found to be dependent on thiamine pyrophosphate (TPP) and the ability of thiamine to bind with prion protein, these factors should improve our clinical approach to TD. 
111.	HACL1 has two important roles in alpha oxidation, the degradation of phytanic acid and shortening of 2-hydroxy long-chain fatty acids so that they can be degraded further by beta oxidation. 
112.	Stresses imposed by infection, head injury or inoculation can initiate intermittent cerebellar ataxia in thiamine deficiency/dependency. 
113.	 It is hypothesized that the massive consumption of empty calories, particularly those derived from carbohydrate and fat, results in a high calorie/thiamine ratio as a major cause of disease. 
114.	Because mild to moderate TD results in pseudo hypoxia in the limbic system and brainstem, emotional and stress reflexes of the autonomic nervous system are stimulated and exaggerated, producing symptoms often diagnosed as psychosomatic disease.
115.	If not, and the malnutrition continues, neurodegeneration follows and results in a variety of chronic brain diseases. 
116.	Evidence from literature and our experiment suggests that brain activity, especially the glutamatergic system, might be directly involved in micronutrient concentrations. 
117.	Cytotoxic potential of CPCs in vitro was evaluated on LN229 human glioblastoma cells. 
118.	TRPM7 kinase inactivation leads to magnesium deprivation resistance phenotype in mice.
119.	Together, our results suggest that TRPM7 kinase is a sensor of magnesium status and provides coordination of cellular and systemic responses to magnesium deprivation. 
120.	Critically ill patients may have thiamine deficiency and increased mortality due to potentially irreversible consequences.
121.	In hospitalized patients at risk, thiamine deficiency is prevented by the integration of thiamine supplementation into PN and other forms of nutrition support.
122.	The deficiency of Cu, Mg, and Fe may indicate the elevation of lead absorption. 
123.	Wernicke encephalopathy is caused by thiamine (vitamin B1) deficiency.
124.	Wernicke encephalopathy is a medical emergency. 
125.	Magnesium participates in a variety of biochemical processes related to migraine pathophysiology, and a deficiency could contribute to migraine development.
126.	The authors identified 16 studies aimed at magnesium status assessment in migraine, and four intervention trials assessing the efficacy of oral magnesium supplementation, independent of other therapies, in the prevention of migraine.
127.	However, certain diabetes patients display a rapid decline in renal function, which may lead to renal failure within months. 
128.	It has been reported that potential factors contributing to a rapid decline in renal function include ethnic/genetic and demographic causes, smoking habits, increased glycated hemoglobin levels, obesity, albuminuria, anemia, low serum magnesium levels, high serum phosphate levels, vitamin D deficiency, elevated systolic blood pressure, pulse pressure, brachial-ankle pulse wave velocity values, retinopathy, and cardiac autonomic neuropathy. 
129.	 This article reviews current literatures in this area and provides insight on the early detection of diabetic subjects who are at risk of a rapid decline in renal function in order to develop a more aggressive approach to renal and cardiovascular protection.
130.	 Minerals are essential nutrients for the body, are of inorganic nature which gives them the characteristic of being resistant to heat, are involved in a lot of chemical reactions in metabolism, regulating electrolyte balance, in maintaining bone, in the process of blood clotting and the transmission of nerve impulses, particularly its role as enzyme cofactors confers a key role in various physiological processes. 
131.	XMEN disease (X-linked immunodeficiency with Magnesium defect, Epstein-Barr virus infection and Neoplasia) is a novel primary immune deficiency caused by mutations in MAGT1 and characterised by chronic infection with Epstein-Barr virus (EBV), EBV-driven lymphoma, CD4 T-cell lymphopenia, and dysgammaglobulinemia [1].
132.	Excessive refined carbohydrates and scarce micronutrients intakes increase inflammatory mediators and insulin resistance in prepubertal and pubertal obese children independently of obesity.
133.	 Because physiologic insulin resistance occurs at puberty, obese pubertal children are at higher risk for insulin resistance. 
134.	Magnesium-deficient diets are determinants of inflammation, while high intake of refined carbohydrates is a risk factor for insulin resistance, independently of central adiposity.
135.	Opposite extremes in ethylene/nitric oxide ratio induce cell death in suspension culture and root apices of tomato exposed to salt stress.
136.	 Ethylene and NO accumulation increased in the root apices and suspension culture cells of tomato at sublethal salt stress caused by 100 mM NaCl.
137.	Moreover, cells in suspension culture accumulated higher amount of reactive oxygen species which, along with NO deficiency contributed to cell death induction.
138.	The absence of ethylene in the apical root segments and the absence of NO accumulation in the cell suspension resulted in similar ion disequilibrium, namely K+/Na+ ratio of 1.41 ± 0.1 and 1.68 ± 0.3 in intact plant tissues and suspension culture cells, respectively that was not tolerated by tomato. 
139.	After intravenous magnesium administration, serum calcium levels rapidly normalized.
140.	In addition, the plasma levels of intact parathyroid hormone increased immediately after magnesium administration. 
141.	 These data strongly suggest that hypocalcemia resulted from disturbance of appropriate parathyroid hormone secretion caused by hypomagnesemia.
142.	 After introduction of infliximab therapy, her abdominal symptoms and endoscopic findings improved, and serum calcium and magnesium levels stabilized within the normal range without magnesium administration. 
143.	Serum magnesium levels were found to decline with rise in HbA1c levels and with duration of Diabetes Mellitus type 2.
144.	Hypomagnesemia is linked to poor control of Diabetes Mellitus type 2 and depletion of serum magnesium occurs exponentially with duration of disease.
145.	Maize grain Ca, Cu, Fe, Mg, Se and Zn concentrations were greater from plants grown on calcareous soils than those from the more widespread low-pH soils. 
146.	 Leafy vegetables from calcareous soils had elevated leaf Ca, Cu, Fe and Se concentrations, but lower Zn concentrations.
147.	Identical substitutions in magnesium chelatase paralogs result in chlorophyll-deficient soybean mutants.
148.	Map-based cloning and transgenic complementation revealed that the mutant phenotype is caused by a nonsynonymous nucleotide substitution in the third exon of a Mg-chelatase subunit gene (ChlI1a) on chromosome 13.
149.	This mutation was identified in the ChlI1b gene, a paralog of ChlI1a. 
150.	The pathogenic processes involving in the development of diabetes range from autoimmune destruction of pancreatic β-cells with consequent insulin deficiency to abnormalities that result in resistance to insulin action. 
151.	The major contributing factor for excessive β-cell death includes oxidative stress-mediated mitochondrial damage, which creates an imbalance in redox homeostasis. 
152.	Hence, identification of small molecule activators of Nrf2/Keap1 pathway remains significant to enhance cellular defense to overcome the burden of oxidative stress related disturbances. 
153.	 In terms of medical geology, the sampled drinking water from the seven sources was deficient in calcium and magnesium ions, which promote bone development. 
154.	Identical substitutions in magnesium chelatase paralogs result in chlorophyll-deficient soybean mutants.
155.	Map-based cloning and transgenic complementation revealed that the mutant phenotype is caused by a nonsynonymous nucleotide substitution in the third exon of a Mg-chelatase subunit gene (ChlI1a) on chromosome 13. 
156.	These results suggest that amino acid alterations in this critical domain may create competitive inhibitory interactions between the mutant and wild-type ChlI1a and ChlI1b proteins. 
157.	The major contributing factor for excessive β-cell death includes oxidative stress-mediated mitochondrial damage, which creates an imbalance in redox homeostasis. 
158.	During diabetes, redox imbalance provokes defective Nrf2-dependent signaling and compromise antioxidant capacity of the pancreas which turnout β-cells to become highly vulnerable against various insults.
159.	Hence, identification of small molecule activators of Nrf2/Keap1 pathway remains significant to enhance cellular defense to overcome the burden of oxidative stress related disturbances.
160.	 Stress, pathogen-response and arabinogalactan protein genes were typically more up-regulated in older (chronic, low level) Li(+)-treatment plants and in the much younger plants from acute high-level exposures. 
161.	The gene regulation behavior of high-level Li(+) resembled prior studies due to its influence on: inositol synthesis, 1-aminocyclopropane-1-carboxylate synthases and membrane ion transport. 
162.	 Acute Li(+) exposure phenocopies magnesium-deficiency symptoms and is associated with elevated expression of stress response genes that could lead to consumption of metabolic and transcriptional energy reserves and the dedication of more resources to cell development. 
163.	 In contrast, chronic Li(+) exposure increases expression signal transduction genes. 
164.	 In general, the baby foods analysed were sufficient for an adequate mineral intake, but contributions to AI and EAR for iron, zinc and calcium were very low (5-20%, 10-60% and 10-70%, respectively).
165.	Effects of foliar application of salicylic acid and nitric oxide in alleviating iron deficiency induced chlorosis of Arachis hypogaea L.
166.	The increased contents of chlorophyll and active iron, and increased Fe accumulation in cell organelles were observed in SA+SNP treated young leaves, suggesting that an improvement of iron availability in plants.
167.	Moreover, the improved nutrient solution pH, increased H+-ATPase activity and increased iron concentration in roots in SA+SNP treated plants, suggesting that SA+SNP is effective in modulating iron uptake. 
168.	Furthermore, the increased calcium (Ca), magnesium (Mg) and zinc (Zn) concentrations and decreased manganese (Mn) and copper (Cu) concentrations in the leaves and roots of peanut indicated that SA+SNP stimulated the maintenance of ions disturbed by Fe deficiency. 
169.	Therefore, SA and SNP had synergistic effects in alleviating chlorosis induced by Fe deficiency.
170.	Magnesium sulfate is used frequently in the operation room and risks of wrong injection should be considered.
171.	 First, the patient had warm sensation and cutaneous anesthesia, but due to deep tissue pain, general anesthesia was induced by thiopental and atracurium. 
172.	Due to availability of magnesium sulfate, we should be careful for inadvertent intravenous, spinal and epidural injection; therefore before injection must be double checked. 
173.	Appropriate physical activity and dietary intake achieve optimal metabolic control in older type 2 diabetes patients.
174.	Moderate physical activity (either moderate leisure-time physical activity or moderate physical activity level) and diet with protein intake of ≥0.8 g/kg/day were associated with lower glycated hemoglobin and triglyceride, higher high-density lipoprotein, lower waist circumference, body mass index and body fat, as well as better serum magnesium and albumin levels in older diabetic patients. 
175.	In contrast, inadequate protein intake was correlated with higher glycated hemoglobin, triglyceride, body fat percentage, waist circumference and body mass index. 
176.	In addition, high physical activity with inadequate protein and magnesium intake might exacerbate magnesium deficiency, resulting in poor glycemic control in older diabetic patients. 
177.	Furthermore, low physical activity and inadequate protein intake were linked with poor glycemic control, and lower high-density lipoprotein, and higher triglyceride, body fat percentage, waist circumference and body mass index.
178.	Familial hypomagnesemia with hypercalciuria and nephrocalcinosis (FHHNC) is an autosomal recessive tubular disease caused by mutations in the CLDN16 or CLDN19 gene.
179.	 Testing for the presence of mutation p.G20D should be the first genetic screening in Spanish patients.
180.	With increasing data on magnesium deficiency in diabetic patients and epidemiological studies demonstrating magnesium deficiency as a risk factor for diabetes, it is logical to search for its possible beneficial effects on diabetes control and prevention. 
181.	Oral magnesium supplementation with proper dosage has beneficial effects on blood glucose, lipid profile, and blood pressure in patients with type II diabetes.
182.	Hypomagnesaemia is very common in type-2 diabetic hypokalemic patients. 
183.	Hypomagnesaemia is very common in type-2 diabetic hypokalemic patients. Therefore, it should be routinely sought by the clinicians. 
184.	Ballet dancing is a multifaceted activity requiring muscular power, strength, endurance, flexibility, and agility; necessitating demanding training schedules. 
185.	 Female adolescent ballet dancers are at risk for iron deficiency, and possibly inadequate nutrient intakes.
186.	The study shows an association between higher dietary Mg intake and reduced externalising behaviour problems in adolescents. 
187.	Serum Mg levels did not explain the functional hypoparathyroidism seen in about half of the patients with VDD.
188.	The study indicates that low serum iron, ferritin levels, and vitamin D deficiency may be associated with ADHD.
189.	 Certain mineral elements including macro and trace elements are essential for normal bone metabolism. 
190.	 It is suggested that the altered potential of osteoblast differentiation under SMFs may partially due to the involvement of different mineral elements.
191.	The most important causal factor of chronic hyperkalemia in diabetic individuals is the syndrome of hyporeninemic hypoaldosteronism. 
192.	This insight should pave the way for pathophysiology-directed therapy, thus contributing to the avoidance of the several deleterious effects associated with electrolyte disorders and their treatment. 
193.	The objective of this systematic review was to assess the scientific basis for methods that might provide earlier cancer diagnosis in persons with symptoms or signs that might indicate cancer. 
194.	ADM-NMCs combined with LIFU could inhibit the rabbits VX2 liver tumor progress by delaying the tumor proliferation and accelerating apoptosis, which presents a novel process for liver tumor targeting chemotherapy.
195.	Colon cancer is the most common type of cancer and major cause of death worldwide. 
196.	 Thus, in this review we demonstrate the important protein biomarker in colon cancer development and molecular identification of protein biomarker discovery.
197.	 Taken together, it has been suggested that folate ligands could be potentially used as inhibitors of GART.
198.	A patient between 80 and 90 years of age died following a polypectomy as part of a colonoscopy surveillance programme for previous polyps.
199.	This report remarks the need of a rigorous methodology in the ultrasound exploration of the gluteal region. 
200.	Since the company assumed that, for patients with HER2 / neu-positive breast cancer, the treatment option of an anti-HER2 / neu treatment was carefully considered and assessed as not indicated before the decision for treatment with eribulin, it conducted no detailed analysis of the data of these patients (research question C). 
201.	 Biliary cystadenoma represents a rare benign cystic hepatic neoplasm with premalignant potential. 
202.	For example, Herceptin is only indicated for the subgroup of patients with HER2+ breast cancer, but not other types of breast cancer.
203.	 In our experience ioUS and ECD have demonstrated to be a reliable and useful intraoperative tool in neurosurgery, not only for superficial tumors but for deep intraventicular lesions as well.
204.	The association of thymomas with both pure red cell aplasia (PRCA) and Good's syndrome is exceedingly rare. 
205.	It should always be considered in differential diagnosis while evaluating PET CT scanning results of cancer patients, because it may cause false positive results. 
206.	Thus only 2 patients (< 1 %) out of 210 clinically N0 oral squamous cell carcinoma showed level IIB lymph node involvement. 
207.	Thus we conclude that a frozen section of level 2a is advisable to decide the need for level 2b node dissection in clinically N0 neck as the sensitivity of clinical evaluation is extremely low.
208.	Tracheobronchial rupture is a rare but potentially life-threatening complication commonly caused by neck and chest trauma. 
209.	 Iatrogenic tracheobronchial rupture can be caused by intubation, tracheostomy, bronchoscopy but also linked to pre-existing primary diseases. 
210.	Classical appearance of VM on imaging is a demonstration of near-normal-sized or mildly dilated feeding arteries which subsequently lead to dilated venous structures of varying caliber, thus constituting the malformation.
211.	The emergence of computed tomographic (CT) as a preferred imaging modality for the evaluation of a complex vascular malformation necessitates familiarity with the spectrum of CT appearances of this lesion.
212.	Any increase in airway peak pressure and ETCO2 will result in increase in intracranial pressure which must be avoided during craniotomies. 
213.	Tracheal stenosis could be a reason for increased airway pressure.
214.	We described a patient undergoing craniotomy with tracheal stenosis.
215.	For patients with the primary treatment goal of prolongation of life: docetaxel in combination with prednisone or prednisolone. 
216.	Benzo[α]pyrene (B[α]P) is the major compound of PAHs that acts by activating aryl hydrocarbon receptor (AhR) in cells. 
217.	However, its role with regard to nuclear factor of activated T cell (NFAT) pathway is unclear. 
218.	 In this study, the effect of AhR activation on expression and signaling cross talk of AhR and NFATc1 pathways in mouse lung tissue has been investigated.
219.	Our data showed that CsA administration resulted in a significant reduction of AhR expression.
220.	 AhR expression is dependent on NFATc1 activation, and NFATc1 inhibition remarkably decreases AhR expression.
221.	The biological importance of Fgl2 is evident within viral-induced fibrin depositing inflammatory diseases and malignancies and provides a compelling rationale for Fgl2 expression to not only be considered as a disease biomarker but also as a therapeutic target. 
222.	Recently, neuropeptides, soluble factors regulating a series of functions in the central nervous system, have also been demonstrated to stimulate the proliferation and migration of tumor cells. 
223.	Recently, some reports indicated that NTS could induce expression and secretion of interleukin-8 (IL-8) to promote local imflammatory response which might participate in epithelial-mesenchymal transition (EMT)-related tumor migration.
224.	Moreover, CsA can prevent B[α]P-induced lung tissue damage, and it remarkably decreases NFATc1 expression.
225.	 In it he provides a classical description of the features and transmission of sibbens (endemic syphilis) and suggests from careful clinical observation that sibbens and venereal syphilis were the same disease. 
226.	His success with treatment of cancer led him to advocate curative rather than palliative excision, a view that ran counter to accepted contemporary practice. 
227.	Hill's ability to diagnose cerebral compression caused by bleeding following head injury enabled him to treat this successfully by directed trephine and drainage. 
228.	The formulation is intended for intranasal administration to treat glioma anticipating improved brain delivery as nasal route possess direct access to brain and nanoparticles have small size to overcome the mucosal and blood-brain barrier.
229.	Development and evaluation of carboplatin-PCL nanoparticles for brain delivery by nasal route.
230.	CPC-08 effectively improves nasal absorption of carboplatin and can be used for intranasal administration of carboplatin for improved brain delivery.
231.	ADM-NMCs combined with LIFU could inhibit the rabbits VX2 liver tumor progress by delaying the tumor proliferation and accelerating apoptosis, which presents a novel process for liver tumor targeting chemotherapy.
232.	But remained relatively unchanged when cells were treated with equivalent dose of nanoparticle-loaded drug, suggesting a possible shift from p53-dependent DNA/RNA intercalation-based induction of cytotoxicity by free epirubicin to a caspase 3-induced cell death by the epirubicin-loaded PBCA formulation.
233.	The lesion was then classified as extra-gonadal yolk sac tumor due to alarming ultrasound features, later confirmed at MRI and pathology. 
234.	In our experience ioUS and ECD have demonstrated to be a reliable and useful intraoperative tool in neurosurgery, not only for superficial tumors but for deep intraventicular lesions as well.
235.	 The function of transforming growth factor β (TGFβ) in the progression of pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (PDA) is complex and therapeutic targeting of this pathway is challenging.
236.	We showed that antibody-mediated inhibition of stromal Tgfβr2 prevented or reversed epithelial plasticity resulting in a potent reduction of metastasis in xenograft models of PDA. 
237.	We propose a Bayesian two-stage biomarker-based adaptive randomization (AR) design for the development of targeted agents. 
238.	Bayesian adaptive designs allow for continuous learning. The designs are particularly suitable for the development of multiple targeted agents in the quest of personalized medicine. 
239.	Omics-based technology platforms have made new kinds of cancer profiling tests feasible. 
240.	The Institute of Medicine has now proposed a three-stage scheme of confirming and validating analytical findings, validating performance on clinical specimens, and demonstrating explicit clinical utility for an approvable test.
241.	This study examined the role of smokers' treatment expectancies to their smoking cessation outcomes in a completed, randomized, placebo-controlled trial of naltrexone for smoking cessation, controlling for perceptions of treatment assignment.
242.	More positive baseline medication expectancies predicted higher quit rates at one month in the naltrexone (OR =1.45, p =.04) group but were associated with lower quit rates in the placebo group (OR =.66, p =.03). 
243.	More positive baseline medication expectancies predicted higher quit rates at one month in the naltrexone (OR =1.45, p =.04) group but were associated with lower quit rates in the placebo group (OR =.66, p =.03). Maintaining and/or increasing positive medication expectancies in the first month of treatment was associated with better pill adherence during this interval in the naltrexone group (ps <.05). Positive baseline medication expectancies were also associated with the perception of having received naltrexone over placebo among all participants.
CONCLUSIONS:Positive medication expectancies in smokers may contribute to better treatment response. Assessing treatment expectancies and attempting to maintain or improve them may be important for the delivery, evaluation, and targeting of smoking cessation treatments.
244.	. She reported emotional distress with the previous experience and declined this approach. 
245.	In view of the previous experience, an awake airway control with a Laryngeal Mask Airway Proseal™ was planned after explaining and reassuring the patient. 
246.	A 46-yr-old woman was programmed as a day case surgery for breast nodule resection. Her anesthetic record included an impossible intubation with cancelation of surgery and subsequent awake fibroscopic intubation. She reported emotional distress with the previous experience and declined this approach. In view of the previous experience, an awake airway control with a Laryngeal Mask Airway Proseal™ was planned after explaining and reassuring the patient. After adequate topicalisation, a size 4 Laryngeal Mask Airway Proseal™ was successfully inserted after two attempts, and their patency was confirmed by capnography. Anesthesia was induced intravenously and the surgery was uneventful.
CONCLUSION:We describe a feasible alternative strategy to awake intubation in a patient with known difficult airway undergoing ambulatory surgery. In this specific clinical situation, if tracheal intubation is deemed unnecessary, awake supraglottic airway might allow adequate ventilation and their use should be considered.
247.	Biliary cystadenoma represents a rare benign cystic hepatic neoplasm with premalignant potential. The diagnosis is usually difficult, and imaging methods may not be possible to clarify the pathology.
248.	A total of 107 patients (36 female and 71 male) were included. Gastrointestinal cancer was the most common form of cancer (43%), followed by genitourinary (25.3%) and lung cancer (15%). The most common symptom was fatigue (98.1%). The other symptoms (in decreasing order) were pain (92.5%), insomnia (92.5%), loss of appetite (76.6%), constipation (71%), dyspnea (63.6%), nausea (60.7%), cough (57.9%), and vomiting (48.6%). Eighty-six percent of the patients (n = 92) had metastases. Most lived in the city (59.8%) and 84 (78.5%) lived with their spouses.
CONCLUSION:Patients were referred at the late stages of disease with pain as the principal presenting symptom. Family members were the principal caregivers.
249.	Clinical substage is frequently reported to be prognostic in dogs with lymphoma, yet formal criteria for defining this parameter are lacking. The World Health Organization TNM Classification of Tumors of Domestic Animals simply defines substage as the absence or presence of systemic signs (substages a and b, respectively).
250.	Gastrointestinal, constitutional and respiratory signs were the most commonly identified clinical factors, with greater than 90% respondents indicating that inappetence, vomiting, diarrhoea, changes in attitude, weakness and dyspnea were integral in assigning clinical substage. 
251.	However, individualized estimators of the value of a biomarker are lacking. We propose a new graphical tool named the subject-specific expected benefit curve for quantifying the personalized value of a biomarker in aiding a treatment decision. 
252.	 The proposed method is used to evaluate the individualized value of the serum creatinine marker in informing treatment decisions for the prevention of renal artery stenosis.
253.	Successful and unsuccessful immunotherapeutic strategies have been practiced in variety of parasitic infections. On the other hand parasites or parasite antigens have also been considered for immunotherapy against other diseases such as cancer, asthma and multiple sclerosis. 
254.	The association of thymomas with both pure red cell aplasia (PRCA) and Good's syndrome is exceedingly rare. To the best of our knowledge, the combination of a thymoma with manifestations of myasthenia gravis, PRCA, and Good's syndrome, as in our case herein, has not been described before in the medical literature. 
255.	The mean age was 57.8 years with SD (standard deviation) 13.1 years and gender distribution of 78.6% (n = 11) females and 21.4% (n = 3) males. None of the patients had tuberculosis in their personal history (0%). Among the patients, 5 (35.7%) were diagnosed with tuberculosis during the preliminary staging, whereas 9 (64.3%) were diagnosed during the follow-up after the treatment. The median time to tuberculosis diagnosis was 11 months (min-max: 3-24 months) after the treatment. The most commonly involved lymph nodes during PET CT scanning were mediastinal in 8 (64.3%), axillary in 3 (21.4%) and para-aortic in 3 (21.4%) patients. The mean SUVmax (maximum standardised uptake value) of lymph node involved by PET CT scanning was defined as 8.5 (SD 2.6).
CONCLUSIONS:Despite all improvements in modern medicine, tuberculosis is still a serious public health problem. It should always be considered in differential diagnosis while evaluating PET CT scanning results of cancer patients, because it may cause false positive results.
256.	Analysis revealed the adoption of the sick role by the participants, the vulnerability experienced with the cessation of treatment, the disturbance of moving on from the security of the medical system and the patient and doctor relationship.
257.	Our data showed that CsA administration resulted in a significant reduction of AhR expression. This effect was partly blocked in mice coadministrated with B[α]P and CsA. NFATc1 expression was also reduced in CsA-treated animals. Furthermore, CsA inhibited the pathological effects of B[α]P in mouse lung tissue.
CONCLUSION:AhR expression is dependent on NFATc1 activation, and NFATc1 inhibition remarkably decreases AhR expression. However, it seems that total expression of NFATc1 is not dependent on AhR expression or activation. Moreover, CsA can prevent B[α]P-induced lung tissue damage, and it remarkably decreases NFATc1 expression. The results from this study point toward the molecular interactions of AhR and NFATc1 activation in lung tissue and the benefit of CsA treatment in B[α]P-induced lung damage.
258.	Since the plant extract contains various secondary metabolites, it acts as reducing and stabilizing agents for the bioreduction reaction to synthesized novel metallic nanoparticles. 
259.	We showed that antibody-mediated inhibition of stromal Tgfβr2 prevented or reversed epithelial plasticity resulting in a potent reduction of metastasis in xenograft models of PDA.
260.	 Selective targeting of mitochondrial superoxide prevented spontaneous metastasis in mice, opening a new avenue for therapy.
261.	They have amazing curative and therapeutic features that make them one of the most popular, safe, non-detrimental, and cytoprotective medicinal plant that can be used for prevention and treatment of many complicated diseases.  
262.	However, the complete perception on etiology and pathogenesis of gastric ulcer is not yet clear. Herein, we attempt to unveil some of the potential mechanisms exhibited by NS in preventing problems related to gastric ulcers. 
263.	Drug interactions and toxicity are the main hindrances in chemotherapy. The existing merits and demerits of modern-day drugs make us turn toward the plant kingdom which may provide a valuable resource of novel potent natural compounds for pharmaceuticals or alternately, as dietary supplements. 
264.	An estimated 250,000 Canadians have chronic hepatitis C virus (HCV) infection; however, the exact number affected is not known, as 30% to 70% of patients are unaware that they have been infected and limited population level surveillance has been carried out in Canada to document prevalent cases. 
265.	While the incidence of HCV infection in the US and Canada appears to be stable or declining, liver-related morbidity and mortality are expected to increase over the coming decades, as those who are already infected age and develop progressive liver disease.
266.	Although treatment with PR results in SVR in a proportion of patients, the treatment is less than ideal because of its long duration, numerous associated side effects, and relatively low efficacy.
267.	Given the market entry of two new DAA agents, there is a need to determine the relative effectiveness, safety, and cost-effectiveness of approved treatments for genotype 1 CHC. 
268.	Despite the availability of boceprevir and telaprevir, a substantial unmet need remains. Th expressed the need for new treatments that have higher cure rates, better side effect profiles and reduced treatment burden, yet remain affordable and accessible.
269.	Understanding the dynamic equilibrium between CSCs and cancer progenitor cells is critical for the development of novel therapeutic strategies that focus on depleting tumors of their tumor-propagating cell population.
270.	Median value of preoperative CA 125 levels was 32 U/mL in benign surface epithelial-stromal tumors (BSEST), 53 U/mL in borderline surface epithelial-stromal tumors (BOT), 346 U/mL in malignant surface epithelial-stromal tumors (MSEST) and 560 U/mL in serous adenocarcinomas (SAC). Most of ovarian tumors were in the FIGO stage I (64 cases, 74.4%), but higher stages (II, III, IV) were observed mostly in MSESTs. SACs displayed the maximum p53 expression. Considering the cut-off value of more than 35 U/mL in CA 125 levels, the sensitivity to diagnose MSESTs was 94.7%. Preoperative CA 125 levels strongly and positively correlated with FIGO staging and p53 expression. Similarly p53 expression strongly and positively correlated with FIGO staging and histopathological categories.
CONCLUSION:Higher values of preoperative CA 125 levels and higher expression p53 are associated with MSESTs and BOTs especially of serous type. They strongly correlate with each other and with tumor stage. But there is no serum CA 125 concentration that can clearly differentiate benign and malignant ovarian masses.
271.	In Europe, colorectal cancer is the most common newly diagnosed cancer and the second most common cause of cancer deaths, accounting for approximately 436 000 incident cases and 212 000 deaths in 2008. National screening programmes will increase the number of early (pT1) cancers detected. 
272.	The submucosal extent and other histological features predict the risk of nodal disease, and for this reason, en bloc resection is highly desirable.
273.	Fanconi anemia is one of the best studied inherited cancer-prone diseases. Greatly improved protocols for hematopoietic stem cell transplantation increasingly save the lives of these young patients. 
274.	Primary lymphoma often involve the heart, especially the right side. Prompt diagnosis is necessary to start the right therapy and decrease symptoms and death risk rate. 
275.	Histological transformation from non-small cell to small cell lung carcinoma after treatment with epidermal growth factor receptor-tyrosine kinase inhibitor.
276.	Several cases of acquired resistance in patients with activating epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) mutation have been reported.
277.	However, rare clinical cases exist of a transformation to small cell lung cancer (SCLC) following treatment with EGFR-tyrosine kinase inhibitors (TKIs). 
278.	Pulmonary artery sarcoma: a rare thoracic tumor frequently misdiagnosed at presentation.
279.	It describes particular clinical features that may raise suspicion of this tumor in cases of suspected pulmonary emboli, and highlights novel radiological modalities and tissue sampling techniques in such cases.
280.	Surgical resection, as part of multi-modality therapy, is the cornerstone of treatment that has seen survival dramatically improve in recent years for patients with this rare cancer.
281.	F-18 FDG PET/CT is the most effective method for demonstrating extrapulmonary metastases of lung cancer. The aim of this study is to investigate the level of muscular metastasis of non-small-cell lung carcinoma (NSCLC) in F-18 FDG PET/CT and to demonstrate the characteristics of this special group of patients.
282.	In the retrospective analysis of the patients, 13 patients (12 male, 1 female; mean: 59 ±7 years old) were found to have haematogenous (excluding local invasion) muscular metastases of NSCLC using F-18 FDG PET/CT. Two of the 13 patients had only muscular metastases (one patient isolated, one patient two foci). The other 11 patients had additional distant metastases in six metastatic sites (bone in 7 patients, distant lymph node in 6, adrenal gland in 5, contralateral lung in 3, liver in 1, and brain metastasis in 1 patient). Five patients died during the mean 11 ±8 months follow up.
CONCLUSIONS:Muscular metastasis is not a rare condition, especially in F-18 FDG PET/CT examinations, and is frequently associated with additional distant metastases.
283.	Statins (inhibitors of 3-hydroxy-3-methyl-glutaryl-coenzyme A reductase) are a group of drugs used to treat lipid disorders. They inhibit cholesterol synthesis at an early stage of the biosynthesis pathway, thus eliminating numerous metabolites involved in the cycle. 
284.	Numerous studies point to different possible effects of statins on cancer cells. Statins inhibit growth of a tumor, invasion and metastasis formation. 
285.	They also contribute to the reduction in the expression of vascular endothelial growth factor, sensitize tumor cells to NK cell activity, and modify the body inflammatory response. 
286.	Due to different pharmacokinetic properties of individual statins, they may have opposite effects on the risk of cancer. 
287.	The studies have different results depending on the location of cancer. 
288.	The protective effect of statins on the development of many kinds of cancer can be a valuable and easy way to reduce morbidity. 
289.	102 women completed the screening interview and were eligible to participate. Overall mean age was 57.3 ± 9.5 years, mean time since diagnosis was 3.4 ± 2.1 years, 71% reported annual household income <$15,000 and mean acculturation index score was 1.6 ± 0.6 (scale 1-5, low-high). Of the 102 women, 70 enrolled and 32 declined participation. Reasons stated for non-participation included lack of interest in dietary change, illness, and work constraints. Compared to women who enrolled, women who did not enroll were less likely to be employed (P=0.03) and more likely to only read/speak Spanish (P=0.02). Compared to women who enrolled, non-enrollers were more likely to state that research is costly to participants (P=0.03).
CONCLUSION:Lower participation was associated with unemployment, monolingualism, and the perception that research is costly to participants. Future behavioral intervention trials among minority BC survivors need to account for these and other factors that may be related to trial participation.
290.	Exposure to ionizing radiation reveals global dose- and time-dependent changes in the urinary metabolome of rat.
291.	Although advances have been made, understanding the global metabolic response as a function of both dose and exposure time is challenging considering the complexity of the responses. 
292.	However, the breadth and complexity of the data necessitated the development of a novel approach to summarizing biofluid constituents after exposure, called Visual Analysis of Metabolomics Package (VAMP).
293.	VAMP should have general applicability in metabolomics to visualize overall differences and trends in many sample sets.
294.	Benzimidazoles and triazoles are useful structures for research and development of new pharmaceutical molecules and have received much attention in the last decade because of their highly potent medicinal activities.
295.	A simple and efficient synthesis of triazole was carried out by treatment of 2-(4-azidophenyl)-1H-benzo[d]imidazole (6) with different types of terminal alkynes in t-BuOH/H2O, sodium ascorbate, and Zn(OTf)2, screened for cytotoxicity assay and achieved good results. A series of new benzimidazole-linked 1,2,3-triazole (8a-i) congeners were synthesized through cyclization of terminal alkynes and azide. These synthesized congeners 8a-i were evaluated for their cytotoxicity against five human cancer cell lines. These benzimidazole-linked 1,2,3-triazole derivatives have shown promising activity with IC50 values ranging from 0.1 to 43 μM. Among them, the compounds (8a, 8b, 8c, and 8e) showed comparable cytotoxicity with adriamycin control drug.
CONCLUSIONS:In conclusion, we have developed a simple, convenient, and an efficient convergent approach for the synthesis of benzimidazole-linked 1,2,3-triazole congeners as agents. 
296.	Isoaplysin (1) and debromoaplysinol (4) were up to fourfold more potent in cancer-derived cell populations than in non-tumor-derived normal cells (MCF10A). These analogues are promising candidates for anticancer drug development. 
297.	 DE composition is known to vary with many factors, although it is unclear how this influences toxicity. 
298.	Differences in DE composition were observed as a function of engine load. The mean 1-nitropyrene concentration was 15 times higher and oxidative reactivity was two times higher for low engine load versus high load. There were no substantial differences in measured toxicity among the three DE exposure parameters. These results indicate that alteration of applied engine load shifts the composition and can modify the biological reactivity of DE. While engine conditions did not affect the selected in vitro toxicity measures, the change in oxidative reactivity suggests that toxicological studies with DE need to take into account engine conditions in characterizing biological effects.
299.	The hypotheses was that all instruments would perform well but that the LE CAT would show superiority psychometrically because a combination of CAT and a large item bank allows for a high degree of measurement precision.
300.	All instruments demonstrated good item fit, unidimensionality, monotonicity, local independence, and person raw score to measure correlations. The HOS-ADL had high ceiling effects of 36.02%, and the mHHS had ceiling effects of 27.54%. The LE CAT had ceiling effects of 8.47%, and the HOS-sports had no ceiling effects. None of the instruments had any floor effects. The mHHS had a very low Cronbach alpha of 0.41 and an extremely low person separation index of 0.08. Reliabilities for the LE CAT were excellent and for the HOS-ADL and HOS-sports were good.
CONCLUSION:The LE CAT showed better psychometric properties overall than the HOS-ADL, HOS-sports, and mHHS for the senior population. The mHHS demonstrated pronounced ceiling effects and poor reliabilities that should be of concern. The high ceiling effects for the HOS-ADL were also of concern.
301.	The LE CAT was superior in all psychometric aspects examined in this study. Future research should investigate the LE CAT for wider use in different populations.
302.	The combined use of these treatment modalities has required the creation of centers of excellence to manage patients with peritoneal metastases with a high level of success as well as a low incidence of adverse events.
303.	The results of CRS and HIPEC from five centers in Lithuania and Estonia currently active revealed 127 patients treated to date, half of whom carried a diagnosis of ovarian cancer. There was an incidence of major complications of 11.8% and a mortality of 1.6%. Data regarding long-term survival benefits will require further follow-up.
CONCLUSIONS:Progress in peritoneal surface oncology in the Baltic states was confirmed. With a low morbidity and mortality, these clinical programs promise to provide continued benefit for patients with peritoneal metastases - a condition judged to be terminal in the past.
304.	The purpose of this study was to evaluate the incidence and characteristics of patients with port-site metastasis following robotic assisted surgery for gynecological malignancies. Patients who underwent robotic assisted total laparoscopic hysterectomy and surgical staging at a single institution from November 2006 through November 2011 were retrospectively identified. 
305.	The incidence of port-site metastasis is low after robotic assisted surgery for treatment of endometrial cancer (0.9 %). There is no clear risk factor for development of port-site metastasis or easily identifiable prevention.
306.	The optimal operative approach in a patient with bilateral pheochromocytoma is controversial. Subtotal minimal invasive cortical sparing adrenalectomy is gaining interest in many centers. 
307.	The introduction of robotic surgery into clinical practice brings new and specific needs for education and training. 
308.	 Application to the pediatric setting comes with unique considerations, warranting dedicated training resources that are accessible. 
309.	 Feasibility and sustainability of such events was further evaluated by reviewing various challenges encountered. 
310.	At the basic and intermediate level, this style of event is able to satisfy initial training and educational needs. 
311.	Self-assessment of surgical technique leads to reduction of positive surgical margins in partial nephrectomy.
312.	In our experience, self-assessment and technique modification resulted in a dramatic PSM improvement. Smaller tumors were associated with PSM. It is important for all surgeons to periodically look at their own surgical outcomes and modify their surgical technique accordingly.
313.	The mechanism by which apricoxib may alter the tumor microenvironment by affecting EMT through other important signaling pathways is poorly defined. 
314.	Western blot analysis revealed that IL-27 stimulation of human non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) cell lines results in STAT1 and STAT3 activation, decreased Snail protein and mesenchymal markers (N-cadherin and vimentin) and a concomitant increase in expression of epithelial markers (E-cadherin, β-and γ-catenins), and inhibition of cell migration. 
315.	The combination of apricoxib and IL-27 resulted in augmentation of STAT1 activation. 
316.	 In addition, the augmented expression of epithelial markers, decreased expression mesenchymal markers, and inhibited cell migration by the combination treatment were also inhibited by STAT1 siRNA, suggesting that the STAT1 pathway is important in the enhanced effect from the combination treatment.
317.	Thankfully, in most instances, the consistent application of analgesic guidelines, tailored to the unique needs of each individual patient, will deliver a satisfactory outcome. 
318.	Despite the consistent and rational application of such strategies, it is recognised that a small but significant proportion of cancer patients continue to experience more refractory pain. In addition, these patients may experience a plethora of unwanted dose-limiting side effects associated with their analgesic medication, sometimes even at low dose. All such patients with more complex and refractory pain syndromes require a more comprehensive review and many will require interventional therapy and/or adjuvant approaches. 
319.	Unfortunately, the availability and accessibility of such services are variable. Even in circumstances in which palliative medicine and pain services co-exist in the same region, there may be poor integration between the two services. 
320.	 Each specialty area holds a unique set of skills and competencies, yet there is considerable overlap. Patient care and outcomes will be enhanced by establishing more formal relationships between these two specialty areas.
321.	Cancer pain has lagged behind since early animal models of cancer-induced bone pain were based on the systemic injection of carcinoma cells. 
322.	Cancer pain has lagged behind since early animal models of cancer-induced bone pain were based on the systemic injection of carcinoma cells. This precluded systematic investigation of specific neuronal and pharmacological alterations that occur in cancer-induced bone pain. 
323.	Cancer-induced bone pain results in progressive bone destruction, elevated osteoclast activity and distinctive nocifensive behaviours (indicating the triad of ongoing, spontaneous and movement-induced hyperalgesia). 
324.	In addition, cancer cells induce an inflammatory infiltrate and release growth factors, cytokines, interleukins, chemokines, prostanoids and endothelins, resulting in a reduction of pH to below 5 and direct deformation of primary afferents within bone. 
325.	These peripheral changes, in turn, drive hypersensitivity of spinal cord sensory neurons, many of which project to the parts of the brain involved in the emotional response to pain. 
326.	Changes in certain neurotransmitters implicated in brain modulation of spinal function are also altered with implications for the affective components of cancer pain. 
327.	Treatments are described in terms of mechanistic insights and in the case of opioids, which modulate pain transmission at spinal and supraspinal sites, their use can be compromised by opioid-induced hyperalgesia. 
328.	Pain in cancer survivors is a major and growing problem, impeding the recovery and rehabilitation of patients who have beaten cancer and negatively impacting on cancer patients' quality of life, work prospects and mental health. 
329.	Pain can arise both due to the underlying disease and the various treatments the patient has been subjected to. 
330.	Chemotherapy causes painful chemotherapy-induced peripheral neuropathy (CIPN).
331.	Radiotherapy can produce late effect radiation toxicity and surgery may lead to the development of persistent post-surgical pain syndromes. 
332.	Breast cancer impacts an entire family system. A cancer diagnosis embeds the patient/survivor and their loved ones in the illness process. The mothers of breast cancer patients are likely impacted in a variety of ways by their daughters' diagnoses. 
333.	To date, few researchers have investigated the experiences and perspectives of this population. In the present study, authors explored how mothers of breast cancer survivors managed adversities associated with this disease and illness. 
334.	 Oral health workers regularly encounter patients presenting with oral lesions associated with HIV disease and therefore need to have adequate knowledge of these conditions for diagnosis and management. 
335.	Only 16.7% felt they had comprehensive knowledge of oral HIV lesions, although 84.8% reported having previously received training. Almost three quarters (71%) reported that there was no need to treat HIV positive patients differently from HIV negative patients. OHCW in Lesotho demonstrated high confidence levels in their competence in managing dental patients with oral lesions associated with HIV, however, they lacked an in-depth knowledge in this regard. Amongst this group there is a need for comprehensive training with regards to diagnosis and management of oral lesions of HIV including the training of other cadres of health care workers together with nurses and community health workers.
336.	Since large values for the NRI statistic may simply be due to use of poorly fitting risk models, we suggest caution in using the NRI as the basis for marker evaluation. 
337.	Other measures of prediction performance improvement, such as measures derived from the ROC curve, the net benefit function and the Brier score, cannot be large due to poorly fitting risk functions.
338.	Dental implants can cause substantial artifacts in the oral cavity impairing diagnostic accuracy. 
339.	Dental implants can cause substantial artifacts in the oral cavity impairing diagnostic accuracy. Therefore, we evaluated new MRI sequences with multi-acquisition variable-resonance image combination (MAVRIC SL) in comparison to conventional high-bandwidth techniques and in a second step showed the effect of artifact size on MRI-based attenuation correction (AC) with a simulation study.
340.	MAVRIC-fast could become useful for artifact reduction in PET/MR for patients with dental implants. This might improve diagnostic accuracy especially for patients with tumors in the oropharynx and substantially improve accuracy of PET quantification.
341.	The increased blood flow appears to be a decisive factor causing the increased (131)I absorbed doses in the lemon-juice stimulation group.
342.	The sonograms in the three test persons showed that glandular blood perfusion by lemon-juice stimulation was clearly increased compared with non-stimulation or chewing of gum base. The sonogram comparison between the chewing-gum stimulation and non-stimulation demonstrated a minor increase of blood flow for the gum base-stimulated salivary glands. The mean ± standard deviation of the absorbed dose per activity under chewing-gum stimulation for the submandibular and parotid glands (within parentheses) was 0.22 ± 0.09 Gy/GBq (0.22 ± 0.08 Gy/GBq). Compared with the absorbed doses of the non-stimulation group, 0.24 ± 0.08 Gy/GBq (0.21 ± 0.05 Gy/GBq), those of the chewing-gum stimulation group showed no significant change (P > 0.60), but the absorbed doses of the lemon-juice stimulation group, 0.35 ± 0.14 Gy/GBq (0.33 ± 0.09 Gy/GBq), were significantly higher (P < 0.04) than those of the chewing-gum stimulation group.
CONCLUSIONS:The results suggest that salivary flow induced by chewing gum base does not cause a significant reduction of the salivary gland absorbed dose compared with that in the non-stimulation group. The increased blood flow appears to be a decisive factor causing the increased (131)I absorbed doses in the lemon-juice stimulation group.
343.	Point spread function (PSF) modelling and time-of-flight (TOF) reconstructions have a significant impact on SUVmax, presenting a challenge for centres with defined protocols for lesion classification based on SUVmax thresholds. This has perhaps led to the slow adoption of these reconstructions. 
344.	Matching image voxel variance with PSF and/or TOF reconstructions, particularly with PSF modelling and in small lesions, resulted in considerable increases in SUVmax, inhibiting the use of defined protocols for lesion classification based on SUVmax.
345.	 However, reduced partial volume effects may increase lesion detectability. 
346.	 These artifacts induce substantial SUVmax overestimation compared to the reference SUV for PSF algorithms at SBR1 and SBR2 leading to substantial MTV underestimation in threshold-based segmentation. 
347.	In particular, improved hardware and noise suppressing reconstruction algorithms allow for higher detectability of small lesions and better spatial resolution in PET/computerized tomography (CT) and PET/magnetic resonance (MR). This can be beneficial for guiding biopsy and surgery and for accurate therapy monitoring.
348.	For 79% of the radiopharmaceuticals, the new calculations gave a lower effective dose per unit administered activity than earlier estimated. As a mean for all radiopharmaceuticals, the effective dose was 25% lower. The use of the new adult computational voxel phantoms has a larger impact on the change of effective doses than the change to new tissue weighting factors.
CONCLUSION:The use of the new computational voxel phantoms and the new weighting factors has generated new effective dose estimations. 
349.	A Bayesian Nonparametric Approach for the Analysis of Multiple Categorical Item Responses.
350.	We introduce a latent factor multinomial probit model and employ prior constructions that allow inference on the number of factors as well as clustering of the subjects into homogenous groups according to their relevant factors. 
351.	 Clustering, in particular, allows us to borrow strength across subjects, therefore helping in the estimation of the model parameters, particularly when the number of observations is small. 
352.	Pretreatment with BHA significantly decreased ALT, AST and LDH levels in a dose-dependent manner (p < 0.05). BHA also increased antioxidant enzymes level and decreased lipid peroxidation and hydrogen peroxide generation to 1.3-1.5-fold as compared to Fe-NTA-treated group. The results show the strong hepatoprotective activity of BHA which could be due to its potent antioxidant effects.
353.	The complete remission (CR) rate in the IAC arm was higher compared to the IA(L) arm (p = 0.002) as was the overall efficacy rate (p = 0.017). There was no significant difference in outcomes between the IAC and IA(H) (Ara-C with high-dose IDA) arms. The IAC arm contained significantly higher CR rates than the IA(L) (Ara-C with low-dose IDA) arm in both the intermediate group (p = 0.050) and the unfavorable group (p = 0.013). Toxicity did not differ between the IAC group and the other two arms. High WBC at diagnosis (p = 0.022) and an unfavorable karyotype (p = 0.026) were related to a poorer response. The IAC regimen (p = 0.013) had greater superiority over the IAL regimen on efficacy than over the IA(H) regimen (p = 0.041).
354.	The lack of controlled trials results in poor evidence for all therapeutic options.
355.	The median Karnofsky performance status at the beginning of treatment was 80%. The median progression-free survival (PFS) was 2.5 months. PFS at 6 months was 0%. Administration of carboplatin and etoposide was associated with grade 3 or 4 hematotoxicity in 8 of 12 patients.
CONCLUSION:Carboplatin in combination with etoposide has an unfavorable risk-benefit profile in heavily pretreated glioma patients.
356.	With a median follow-up of 50 months, the 5-year local control and regional control were 88% and 94%, respectively. The 5-year freedom from distant metastasis was 73%. The median overall survival was 14.6 years corresponding to a 5 and 10-year overall survival of 77% and 59%, respectively. T category and nodal involvement were independent predictors of distant metastasis. Nodal involvement was also an independent predictor of overall survival.
CONCLUSIONS:Distant relapse was the predominant mode of failure despite excellent local-regional control in high-risk major salivary gland tumors. Both advanced T category and nodal involvement were independent predictors of distant metastasis. More effective systemic therapy is needed to combat distant relapse.
357.	 It is a difficult cancer due to diagnosis and treatment because of the short average life expectancy, high potential of asymptomatic aggressive and metastatic. 
358.	The case is different from other cases because of not being adenocarcinom component.
359.	Metaplastic carcinoma of the breast is a rare, aggressive form of cancer occurring in less than 1% of all breast cancers. 
360.	The prognosis of spindle cell breast cancers is poor, hence aggressive treatment with surgery, chemotherapy and/or radiation is required. 
361.	We reported a case of hepatocellular carcinoma in a non-cirrhotic patient with liver iron overload secondary to MDS. It demonstrated the importance of early detection and initiation of treatment of iron overload in preventing HCC in MDS patients, even among Asian population.
362.	In recent years, breast cancer has been classified on the basis of estrogen or progesterone receptor (ER/PR) status and whether the human epidermal growth factor 2 receptor (HER2/neu) protein is overexpressed. Based on this system, breast cancer is broadly divided into the triple negative breast cancer (TNBC) and the non-TNBC subtypes. 
363.	Mean age of onset for TNBC vs. non-TNBC patients was 59.87 ± 15.67 years vs. 60.09 ± 13.98 years respectively (P = 0.9272). In terms of ethnicity, TNBC vs. non-TNBC patients had the following racial backgrounds: black, 58.97% vs. 39.27%; white, 35.90% vs. 57.76%; Chinese, 2.56% vs. 0.99%; others, 2.57% vs. 1.98% respectively (P = 0.004, OR = 2.755). Comparisons with respect to a history of tobacco abuse for TNBC vs. non-TNBC patients revealed a positive smoking history in 20.51% vs. 27.72% whereas there was no former or current smoking history in 71.79% vs. 61.72% respectively (P = 0.4385). Comparison of family history of a breast cancer in TNBC vs. non-TNBC patients showed that positive family history of breast cancer was seen in 30.77% vs. 33.33%, no family history of cancer was seen in 51.28% vs. 51.82% and unknown 17.95% vs. 14.85% (P = 0.8384). Pathologic stage at the time of diagnosis for TNBC vs. non-TNBC patients was as follows: stage 0, 15.79% vs. 11.37% (P = 0.4332); stage 1, 34.21% vs. 30.98% (P = 0.6890); stage 2, 28.98% vs. 37.25% (P = 0.3205); stage 3, 18.42% vs. 17.25% (P = 0.0.8591); and stage 4, 3.63% vs. 3.14% (P = 0.8651). Analysis using Chi-square test revealed χ2 value of 0.855.
CONCLUSION:Our results add to the growing body of evidence pertaining to the association of certain demographic and clinico-pathologic characteristics in women with breast cancer. We found that in our patient population, there is a significant ethnic predisposition for the two types of breast cancers that we studied. African Americans were more likely to have TNBC compared to the higher frequency of non-TNBC in white females. We did not find a significant difference in mean age, cigarette smoking, family history and stage at diagnosis between the TNBC and non-TNBC breast cancer patients. These findings are all consistent with the previously published research studies.
364.	Seventy-nine stage I endometrium cancer patients were found to be eligible for the trial purposes: 58 (73.4%) treated by LT and 21 (26.6%) treated by LS. The number of lymph nodes was similar in LT (8.9 ± 5.3) and LS (9.2 ± 4.8) (P = 0.8). In LT group, there was no difference in the number of lymph nodes between the right and left sides (10 ± 5.8 and 8.7 ± 4.8 respectively, P = 0.19); in LS group, the number of lymph nodes resected from the right side was higher than the left side (9.8 ± 5 and 7 ± 3.5 respectively, P = 0.039). The amount of intraoperative bleeding and hospitalization period were significantly higher in LT group. Seventy-nine patients had a median follow-up of 30 months. The two groups were similar for disease-free survival (P = 0.46, log rank test).
CONCLUSIONS:There was no significant difference between the two methods in terms of number of total resected lymph nodes. In early stage endometrial carcinoma, LS has provided adequate staging and similar survival rates with LT.
365.	The effects of the Chernobyl accident on thyroid cancer have been investigated in most European countries. 
366.	According to the data of the Turkish Atomic Energy Authority, the eastern part of the Black Sea region was the most radiocontaminated area in Turkey at the time of Chernobyl accident. We therefore aimed to examine the data of thyroid cancers at our center, Rize city which is located in the eastern Black Sea region.
367.	Five hundred and forty-seven of the 3,556 patients were diagnosed with thyroid cancer. The mean age of the patients was 49.31 ± 0.49 years. The histopathologic diagnosis of patients was papillary carcinoma in 533 (97.4%) and the tumor size was < 1 cm in 53.6% of the patients. The presence of multicentricity was detected in 47% of the patients.
CONCLUSION:The portion of thyroid carcinomas in all thyroidectomies was 15.4% in our institution 27 years after the Chernobyl accident.
368.	In the IA-NAC group, 12 patients (31.6%) with operable tumors underwent ARH, and the remaining 26 patients (68.4%) received RT. The response rates were 86.8% (12 complete response + 21 partial response) for IA-NAC and 98.4% (26 complete response + 37 partial response) for CCRT (P = 0.077), respectively. The 5-year overall survival and disease-free survival rates were 62.4 and 44.5% for IA-NAC and 51.1 and 46.9% for CCRT (P = 0.247 and 0.776), respectively. The 5-year overall survival and disease-free survival rates were 75.0 and 58.3% for the patients receiving IA-NAC followed by ARH, and 55.3 and 37.6% for the patients receiving IA-NAC followed by RT (P = 0.368 and 0.262), respectively.
CONCLUSIONS:In the present study, IA-NAC followed by ARH or RT and primary CCRT showed similar survival rates for stage IIIB squamous cell carcinoma of the cervix.
369.	The disease carries a poor prognosis and current standard therapies highlight the importance of HIV/AIDS disease control and the need for more studies on therapies and the role of transplantation in refractory or relapsed HIV-associated PTCL.
370.	Unfortunately these tumors often exhibit a high incidence of local recurrence and metastasis despite treatment. Of recent interest are new targeted therapies such as Tarceva® (erlotinib), an epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) inhibitor, for treatment of recurrent thymic carcinoma. 
371.	Though the majority of women with UPSC have high risk of recurrence, recurrence limited only to the pleural space has not been previously reported. It is also unusual for it to occur as late as 10 years after the initial treatment as it is usually very aggressive. 
372.	She relapsed 10 years later with right pleural effusion and pleural based nodules. 
373.	The patient underwent a distal pancreatectomy for resection of the primary neoplasm with negative margins. 
374.	The patient underwent a distal pancreatectomy for resection of the primary neoplasm with negative margins. A surveillance ultrasound performed at 43 months post-operatively revealed new hepatic lesions; these lesions were surgically resected and pathologically demonstrated to be metastatic SPT of the pancreas. This case report demonstrates the potential for latent metastasis of resected SPT, imaging characteristics of metastatic disease, the need for surveillance of patients following resection of SPT of the pancreas and a review of relevant literature on SPT.
375.	Breast cancer in women is a relatively common malignancy in the western hemisphere and is perhaps one of the leading causes of mortality among females.
376.	 For comparison, another 83 women with at least one hormone receptors positive breast cancer were randomly selected in the same time period. 
377.	We were not able to show any statistically significant association of body mass index triple with triple negative breast cancer or ethnicity. While our findings are not in agreement with the research published earlier, we do submit that our retrospective cohort study has shortcomings, including the small sample size pooled from a single center, which greatly limits our ability to deduce any definitive conclusions. In light of these shortcomings, we recommend a future multicenter study with a larger sample size.
378.	KRAS gene mutations were found in 49.2% of the tumors, and G/A (25.5%) and Gly12Asp (34.37%) were the most frequent mutations. Among the investigated clinical features (gender, ECOG (Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group), histology, degree of cell differentiation, lymph node ratio, primary tumor site, staging, presence of synchronous metastasis, lung metastasis, and liver metastasis), the association between age less than 65 years with KRAS mutation was statistically significant (P = 0.046). KRAS mutation status did not exhibit a significant correlation with the overall survival of the patients (P = 0.078); however, the cases with KRAS mutation exhibited shorter survival. In the multivariate analysis, synchronous metastasis (P = 0.03) and liver metastasis (P = 0.008) behaved as independent factors of poor prognosis relative to the overall survival of the patients.
CONCLUSION:The KRAS mutation status did not exhibit prognostic value in the investigated sample. Among the older patients (> 65 years old), wild-type KRAS was more frequently observed compared to mutated KRAS.
379.	Based on initial workup including pathology results from biopsies of both breast masses, she was diagnosed with bilateral breast cancer. 
380.	However further radiographic imaging revealed a large right kidney mass suspicious for primary renal neoplasm along with lung and bone lesions. 
381.	However further radiographic imaging revealed a large right kidney mass suspicious for primary renal neoplasm along with lung and bone lesions. This prompted re-review of the initial breast pathology.
382.	Sickled erythrocytes were identified and results of an additional immunohistochemical panel revealed positive expression of PAX 8, vimentin, Oct3/4, and loss of INI1, confirming the diagnosis of metastatic renal medullary carcinoma. 
383.	To investigate the nuclear matrix protein NMP22 in voided urine for detection of malignancy in patients with risk factors of symptoms of bladder cancer.
384.	January 2009 to December 2012, participants included 1,331 patients at elevated risk for bladder cancer due to factors such as history of smoking or symptoms including hematuria and dysuria.
385.	Patients at risk for malignancy of the urinary tract provided a voided urine sample for analysis of NMP22 protein and cytology prior to cystoscopy.
386.	Bladder cancer was diagnosed in 79 patients. The NMP22 assay was positive in 44 of 79 patients with cancer (sensitivity, 55.7%, 95% confidence interval (CI), 44.1-66.7%), whereas cytology test results were positive in 12 of 76 patients (sensitivity, 15.8%; 95% CI, 7.6-24.0%). The specificity of the NMP22 assay was 85.7% (95% CI, 83.8-87.6%) compared with 99.2% (95% CI, 98 initial endoscopy, including 3 that were muscle invasive and 1 carcinoma in situ.
CONCLUSION:The noninvasive point-of-care assay for elevated urinary NMP22 protein can increase the accuracy of cytoscopy, with test results available during the patient visit.
387.	Mucositis is a common side effect due to chemo and/radiation therapy.
388.	However, its efficacy to treat active mucositis in patients treated for solid tumors with chemotherapy is unknown. The objective was to evaluate the efficacy of Caphosol to treat mucositis by comparing the grade of mucositis before and after treatment and documenting the duration of treatment.
389.	A total of 21 patients, two males (one with cancer esophagus and another with lung cancer) and 19 females (all with breast cancer), with a median age of 59 years were evaluated. Grade 3 mucositis was present in 4 patients who completely resolved with Caphosol in an average of 4 days of treatment, without needing any hospitalization. Fifteen patients with grade 2 mucositis reverted back to grade 0 by using Caphosol for an average of 3.5 days. One patient with no effect had grade 1 mucositis dating prior to treatment with chemotherapy and remained as such. Another patient with no initial improvement had oral candidiasis and once treated with Fluconozole and Caphosol had a complete resolution. No obvious side effects were reported by patients related to the use of Caphosol.
CONCLUSION:Our case series, for the first time, shows that Caphosol may be used as a potentially effective treatment in patients with solid tumor, who develop chemotherapy-induced mucositis.
390.	TNBC is not one disease, but a family of diseases, some of which are highly aggressive with limited treatment options. Triple-negative breast cancers Patients are not benefiting from currently available receptor-targeted systemic therapy.  
391.	The blood-brain barrier is traditionally regarded as an insurmountable obstacle to the effective drug therapy of brain metastases from solid tumors. Here we describe a striking case of complete radiologic response to chemotherapy, and propose that the critical success factors include the large tumor size, HER2-positivity, and concomitant use of trastuzumab.
392.	Pulmonary metastases are not encountered commonly in patients with prostate cancer. Pulmonary metastases with pneumothorax as a presenting clinical manifestation in newly diagnosed prostate cancer are very rare. 
393.	Here, we present the case of an 82-year-old patient who was admitted to our center with a chief complaint of worsening dyspnea over the past few days. 
394.	This case is reported because of the rarity for a prostate carcinoma presented clinically with an unusual pulmonary manifestation.
395.	Colorectal cancer is one of the leading causes of cancer related deaths in western world. 
396.	According to current hypotheses, elevated serum glucose levels may lead to disease development or disease prevention. 
397.	Both Gleason score and primary Gleason grade were lower in hyperglycemic patients with prostate cancer than in normoglycemic patients, suggesting a "protective action" of hyperglycemic states.
398.	The α1-AT blood levels were significantly decreased after treatment compared with those before the treatment started. The mean difference (before - after) treatment was 127.82 and 137.37 mg/dL with 95% CI of difference 109.06 - 146.57 and 116.08 - 158.65 mg/dL in lung and prostate cancer respectively. When we compared these levels according to the stage of cancer, we found that the mean difference (before - after) treatment was also highly significant as indicated by P-value and the 95% CI of these differences.
CONCLUSION:Obtained data strongly indicate the value of testing α1-AT blood levels as one of the important indicators for the efficacy of cancer treatment.
399.	The extent of vascular invasion is a key factor determining the resectability of non-metastatic pancreatic adenocarcinoma. The purpose of this study is to determine the diagnostic accuracy of computed tomography (CT), endoscopic ultrasound (EUS), and magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) in the pre-operative evaluation of vascular invasion in pancreatic adenocarcinoma, with surgery as the reference standard.
400.	CT was more accurate than EUS and MRI in the evaluation of vascular invasion in pancreatic adenocarcinoma and should be the first line investigation in pre-operative staging.
401.	The limited number of studies assessing QOL in patients with advanced lung cancer suggests that QOL is still an uncommon endpoint for this patient population. 
402.	 In total there were eleven of seventeen (65%) studies that evaluated symptom palliation, indicating the relevance of symptom palliation as an endpoint in this population.
403.	Approximately 60% of all breast cancers are endocrine dependent. Postmenopausal patients who have positive hormone receptor status are eligible for aromatase inhibitor treatment. 
404.	After the progression (lung and brain), palliative therapy was thought due to very poor performance status of the patient. 
405.	Letrozole was added in the treatment and we obtained near-complete remission from her lung and brain metastasis with 2.5 mg/day dose of letrozole. This study might support successfully use of aromatase inhibitors in patients who has been previously treated with multiple lines of chemotherapy and had still progressive disease.
406.	 Immunohistochemistry result were negative for TTF-1, Thyroglobulin, CD7 and CD20 which ruled out non-small cell lung adenocarcinoma, thyroid cancer and gastrointestinal tract cancer respectively. 
407.	CD10, Vimentin and RCC were all positive and all are specific for renal cell carcinoma. The diagnosis was renal cell carcinoma, papillary cell type.
408.	Sunitinib, a tyrosine kinase inhibitor, is the treatment of choice for renal cell carcinoma since it improves objective response rate and shows longer progression free survival than IFNα.
409.	Complete Response of Para-Aortic and Lateral Pelvic Lymph Node Recurrence of Rectal Cancer Treated to S-1 Monotherapy.
410.	This report presents a case of para-aortic and lateral pelvic lymph node recurrence of rectal cancer that showed complete response to S-1 monotherapy. 
411.	A 69-year-old man underwent low anterior resection for rectal cancer in 2007. 
412.	Para-aortic lymph and right lateral pelvic lymph node recurrence occurred in 2008. He received a fluorouracil/folinic acid plus oxaliplatin regimen.
413.	Abdominal computed tomography did not reveal any para-aortic and lateral pelvic lymph nodes recurrence after 10 cycles of S-1 monotherapy. Hence, response in this case was classified as a complete response.
414.	However, G4 neutropenia and G3 fatigue were experienced. We started S-1 monotherapy as a salvage treatment. Abdominal computed tomography did not reveal any para-aortic and lateral pelvic lymph nodes recurrence after 10 cycles of S-1 monotherapy. Hence, response in this case was classified as a complete response. No recurrence was noted 36 months after the complete response. S-1 monotherapy is likely to be effective in treating patients with metastatic colorectal cancer who do not respond to standard combination chemotherapy.
415.	Outcome Improvement in RPA I or II Patients With 1 or 2 Brain Metastases by Combined Surgery and Radiotherapy.
416.	Ninety-five patients (91.4%) who underwent surgery and WBRT and 147 (65.3%) who underwent WBRT alone benefited from a radiation boost to the metastatic site.
417.	 In a univariate analysis, improved LC for the surgical group was also associated with the absence of ECM (P = 0.01) and for the radiation group, with a radiation boost (P = 0.01). 
418.	 In our univariate analysis, improved BC after surgical resection was associated with control of primary tumor (P = 0.02). 
419.	 Here we evaluate and monitor the onset of late anthracycline-induced cardiotoxicity with real-time CW-Doppler ultrasound cardiac output monitoring (USCOM®) and echocardiography in combination with serum biomarkers.
420.	An increasing cumulative anthracycline dose was associated with a decrease of the EF determined by echocardiography as well the SV by USCOM and with a higher NYHA class. 
421.	Those patients who experienced cardiac disease showed a reduction of the EF and SV and increased serum biomarkers.
422.	Real-time CW-Doppler USCOM, is a fast and reliable method to monitor late hemodynamic changes as a symptom of anthracycline-induced cardiotoxicity comparable to the findings by echocardiography and serum biomarkers.
423.	Quality of life (QOL) has become an increasingly meaningful endpoint in advanced cancer research. Clinicians assess QOL to help them select appropriate treatment options and regimens. 
424.	 A greater percentage of patients completing higher education programs were correlated to significantly better emotional well-being and global QOL. 
425.	A greater percentage of patients previously receiving radiation therapy were correlated to a better relationship with doctor score. 
426.	Preservation of Fertility in Female Cancer Patients Desiring Future Child Bearing; 
427.	The aim of this review is to present an overview of available methods for preservation of ovarian function and fertility in female cancer patients who desire to maintain their child-bearing capacity for future pregnancies. 
428.	Pregnancy rates vary according to the type of primary malignancy, stage of disease, method of fertility preservation (for example, hormonal therapy, cryopreservation, fertility-sparing surgery), and other confounding factors such as the patient's age, reproductive capacity, status of partnership, and genetic disposition.
429.	Today, higher cure rates and longer survival are a result of earlier cancer diagnosis and treatment.
430.	In conjunction with the advances in assisted reproduction, the preservation of ovarian function and fertility is a major part of multidisciplinary care that should be offered to any young female patient with cancer. 
431.	Literature on the outcome of pregnancy with first trimester exposure to Temozolomide is limited. We describe the case of a young woman with Glioblastoma Multiforme who was exposed to Temozolomide during her first trimester of pregnancy and subsequently delivered a healthy term newborn. 
432.	However, the heterogeneity in the included studies and the low sample size of included samples in patients with metastatic brain tumors could have confounded our findings.
433.	A total of 23 studies (four in brain metastases, 18 in primary brain tumors and 1 in a mixed sample) using the FACT-Br for assessment of QOL were identified. Social and functional well-being were significantly better in patients with primary brain tumors (weighted mean score of 22.2 vs. 10.7, P = 0.0026, 16.9 vs. 6.2, P = 0.0025, respectively). No other scale of the FACT-Br was significantly different between the two groups and the performance status of patients included in both groups was similar.
CONCLUSION:Patients with primary brain cancer seemed to have better social and functional well-being scores than those with metastatic brain tumors. Other QOL domains were similar between these two groups. 
434.	The majority of these patients did not receive second line at disease progression because of being too unwell.
435.	Those that received second line chemotherapy had higher overall survival and thus maintenance therapy could be a means to allow patients to be fit enough to receive second line when they need it.
436.	It is very important to determine the issues that HCPs think are most important to patients in an attempt to harmonize these with those of patients.
437.	 Future studies should compare the items that HCPs rate as most relevant to those that patients rate to ensure agreeability.
438.	A total of 46 HCPs participated in the study, 89% of HCPs ranked the need for help in caring for themselves as the most relevant item for patients with brain metastases. Other highly relevant items included the concern of getting headaches (81%) and weakness in arms or legs (78%). The lowest rated items included the ability to put thoughts together (8%), ability to write as they used to (11%) and also the ability to read as they used to (14%).
CONCLUSION:It is very important to determine the issues that HCPs think are most important to patients in an attempt to harmonize these with those of patients. Future studies should compare the items that HCPs rate as most relevant to those that patients rate to ensure agreeability.
439.	The study was already contained in the company’s dossier and was included as relevant by IQWiG in Assessment A13-10. The data presented were not evaluable for the outcomes on adverse events (AEs). With the comments, the company subsequently submitted new analyses, which, from the company's point of view, allow to assess the AEs. 
440.	The G-BA commissioned IQWiG with the assessment of the analyses for Study D4200C00058 subsequently submitted in the commenting procedure. In this context the data were to be assessed with regard to the question as to whether, under consideration of the analyses submitted by the company on pain symptoms as well as on AEs, an added benefit of vandetanib regarding morbidity is proven and uncertainties regarding harm have been dispelled.
441.	In the current therapeutic situation, there is a need for all patients to be treated with BSC. Studies that compared vandetanib in combination with BSC with treatment consisting of BSC alone were therefore included in the benefit assessment.
442.	 in whom chemotherapy is indicated (in particular, these can be patients with Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group [ECOG] performance status 0, 1, and, if applicable, 2), in comparison with chemotherapy (docetaxel/pemetrexed) as appropriate comparator therapy (ACT) (chemotherapy population). in whom chemotherapy is not indicated (in particular, these can be patients with ECOG performance status 4, 3, and, if applicable, 2), in comparison with best supportive care (BSC) as ACT (BSC population). 
443.	Mesenteric lipoblastoma presenting as a small intestinal volvulus in an infant: A case report and literature review.
444.	He was referred to our hospital and was diagnosed with a small bowel obstruction due to an intraabdominal tumor. 
445.	 Laparotomy revealed an intestinal volvulus with a soft and lobulated tumor arising from the mesentery. 
446.	 Within the framework of sub-goal A the risk of developing colorectal cancer or dying from the disease was determined in people with a positive family history.
447.	Within the framework of sub-goal B it was examined how reliable (i.e. with what diagnostic accuracy) family history tools that could be used during screening can identify people with a higher risk due to a positive family history within the normal population.
448.	 Within the framework of sub-goal C the question was to be answered as to what benefit a screening strategy offers in which a family history tool was initially to be applied in the normal population under 55 years of age to identify patients at higher risk due to a positive family history. 
449.	People with a positive test result were subsequently to be offered to participate in a screening procedure.
450.	Sub-goal D: Comparative benefit assessment of different screening procedures within a screening strategy in persons with an increased risk due to a positive family history. 
451.	If no studies were found for sub-goal C, it was to be examined what benefit different measures within the framework of modified screening had for people in whom an increased risk due to a positive family history had already been determined. 
452.	This is made difficult because survival data is often censored, meaning that extrapolation techniques must be used to obtain estimates of the full survival benefit. 
453.	 Where such analyses are not completed estimates of the survival benefit will be restricted to that observed directly in the relevant clinical trial(s) and this is likely to represent an underestimate of the true survival gain. This leads to underestimates of the Quality Adjusted Life Years gained, and therefore results in inaccurate estimates of cost-effectiveness. 
454.	There are a number of methods available for performing extrapolation. Exponential, Weibull, Gompertz, log-logistic or log normal parametric models can be used, as well as more complex and flexible models. The different methods have varying functional forms and are likely to result in different survival estimates, with the differences potentially large – particularly when a substantial amount of extrapolation is required.
455.	The different methods have varying functional forms and are likely to result in different survival estimates, with the differences potentially large – particularly when a substantial amount of extrapolation is required. It is therefore very important to justify the particular extrapolation approach chosen, to demonstrate that extrapolation has been undertaken appropriately and so that decision makers can be confident in the results of the associated economic analysis. 
456.	 Statistical tests can be used to compare alternative models and their relative fit to the observed trial data. This is important, particularly when there is only a small amount of censoring in the dataset and thus the extrapolation required is minimal. 
457.	However it is of even greater importance to justify the plausibility of the extrapolated portion of the survival model chosen, as this is likely to have a very large influence on the estimated mean survival. 
458.	A review of the survival analyses included in NICE Technology Appraisals (TAs) of metastatic and/or advanced cancer interventions demonstrates that a wide range of methods have been used. This is to be expected, because different methods will be appropriate in different circumstances and contexts. 
459.	Following this process should improve the likelihood that appropriate survival models are chosen, leading to more robust economic evaluations.
460.	Patients with anorectal malignant melanoma commonly complain for changes in bowel habits and rectal bleeding. Therefore, anorectal malignant melanoma is often misdiagnosed as hemorrhoids, polyp or rectal cancer. 
461.	Recently, with the great development of laparoscopic techniques, more and more operations can be performed by laparoscopic techniques.
462.	 29 female patients (~ 40 years) were operated for one-sided thyroid pathology using the ABBA technique (20 subtotal resections, 9 hemithyroidectomies). Suspected malignoma, size > 35 mL, known thyroiditis and recurrencies were excluded.
463.	For stimulation a 30-cm handprobe and for signal deviation a tube adhesive electrode (ISIS; Fa. Inomed, Emmendingen, Germany) were used. 
464.	Direct neuromonitoring of the recurrent laryngeal nerve can be easily applied in the total endoscopic ABBA technique for thyroid resection. Vagal stimulation, which is obligatory in open thyroid surgery, cannot consequently be included in this endoscopic operation method. 
465.	 Unexpected tube electrode dislocation may cause IONM misinterpretation.
466.	 Due to the development of tertiary hyperparathyroidism with bone pain and osteoporosis, subtotal parathyroidectomy was performed 4 months after the kidney transplantation.
467.	Histological evaluation revealed that one of four parathyroid lesions was a parathyroid carcinoma, while the others were diffuse hyperplasia. 
468.	A positron emission tomography-computed tomography performed 6 months after the operation revealed no evidence of local recurrence or distant metastasis.
469.	Individuals in SAT smoke more heavily than the general population, and consequently are more likely to suffer from tobacco-related morbidity, including cardiopulmonary problems, emphysema, and cancer, than are smokers in the general population. 
470.	Data from the 2011 National Survey of Substance Abuse Treatment Services (N-SSATS), an annual survey of all known substance abuse treatment facilities, both public and private in the U.S., was analyzed. 
471.	In 2011, 5,737 SAT facilities, 42% of all such facilities in the U.S., offered TCS. 58% of facilities located in the Northeast offered TCS compared with 40% of facilities in the West, 38% of facilities in the South, and 34% of facilities in the Midwest. 44% of SAT facilities that offered TCS prohibited smoking anywhere compared with facilities that did not offer these services (27%). 72% of SAT facilities that offered any type of TCS provided screening for tobacco use, compared to 34% of facilities that did not offer TCS. Conclusion: TCS provide important benefits that can improve the short- and long-term health of clients in SAT and can enhance drug and alcohol treatment outcomes. 
472.	Improving the healthcare of Americans with multiple chronic conditions is one of the top aims of the U.S. national healthcare research agenda. One of the driving forces behind this objective is the disproportionately high concentration of healthcare expenditures that are attributed to this population. 
473.	 Potentially preventable readmissions are among the disproportionately high concentration of healthcare expenditures attributed to the sickest 10 percent of patients.
474.	Disease management and care coordination programs have also sought to improve the quality and delivery of care to patients with high-cost chronic illnesses. The U.S. Congressional Budget Office (CBO) issued a brief report (January 2012) on the effects of 34 Medicare demonstration projects on disease management and care coordination programs, and cited the following approaches as helpful in reducing hospital admissions.
475.	David Meltzer, MD, PhD, Associate Professor of Medicine and Director of the Hospitalist Program at the University of Chicago Medicine, has studied the changing medical workforce in the United States and found that the trend toward increased medical specialization has had the unintended consequence of increased fragmentation of primary care.
476.	One of the key challenges for the primary care system in meeting the complex needs of high-risk patients with multiple chronic conditions is adapting to the increased demands of collaborating with a larger number of associated healthcare providers within a decentralized, fee-for-service healthcare delivery system which does not pay for or facilitate communication or coordination among providers.
477.	Some would say that we have reached a point where we have to decide if we should continue to invest in programs with an increased need for coordination or in different models that reduce the need for coordination in the first place. 
478.	Others focus on reducing the need for coordination and handoffs between primary care and specialty care. From this viewpoint, admissions from primary care could be reduced through accelerated consults or direct access to intense short stay and complex diagnostic unit services. 
479.	The persistence of high inpatient utilizers despite the spread of case management and PCMH models has led to interest in ‘intensive primary care’ models. 
480.	In their Research Brief published by the National Institute for Health Care Reform, Yee et al. proposed a taxonomy for categorizing ‘High-Intensity Primary Care’ programs, also sometimes called ‘Ambulatory Intensive Care Units,’ which use PCMH-based approaches to managing the sickest, highest-cost patients.
481.	These approaches, which involve physician-led, team-based discussion and coordination that serve as the source of primary care, were excluded from the two AHRQ reviews mentioned earlier.
482.	An evidence brief differs from a full systematic review in that the scope of work is more narrowly defined and the traditional review methods are streamlined in order to synthesize evidence within a shortened timeframe. 
483.	While decision-makers can benefit from knowing about the best available research and the strength and applicability of that evidence, an evidence brief cannot encompass the full range of policy options or novel programs, many of which have not been evaluated in formal studies.
484.	Pathological findings demonstrated pheochromocytoma and malignant peripheral nerve sheath tumor in a ruptured adrenal tumor. 
485.	To date, there have been only four reported cases of composite pheochromocytoma with malignant peripheral nerve sheath tumor, so the present case is only the fifth case in the world.
486.	Thymic epithelial tumour (TET) histologic subclassification has not been well described in the veterinary literature as it has in humans. The objective of this study was to identify and describe TET subtypes in dogs and to determine the utility of immunohistochemistry (IHC) in differentiating these subtypes. 
487.	Samples were reviewed and classified according to a modified World Health Organization (WHO) criteria for human tumours of thymic origin. Signallment, presenting signs, treatment and survival data was collected from medical records. Histologic review confirmed the same subtypes as described in humans. Presence of high stage disease, pleomorphism, mitotic figures and capsular invasion was more common in atypical thymomas and thymic carcinomas than in thymomas.
488.	However, their use is controversial. Studies suggest they add little to successful SLN detection in theatre, immediately prior to node excision. 
489.	Scintigram was performed in 185 and not in 34 patients due to time constraints. 
490.	Combined γ-probe and Isosulfan blue dye for SLN detection (intraoperative methods) have an identification rate of 98.2 % (p = 0.005), compared to 92.4 % (p = 0.088) from scintigrams alone. Scintigrams confer no additional advantage to the operating surgeon for successful SLN detection and excision in theatre. Intraoperative SLN identification is more accurate and reliable. 
491.	Routine scintigram use is unjustified and should be withdrawn from current practice.
492.	Minimally invasive surgery has gained acceptance for the surgical treatment of rectal cancer because, compared with laparotomy, it is associated with fewer complications, shorter hospitalization, and faster recovery.
493.	Discovery and characterization of a small molecule that restores E-cadherin expression in cancer cell lines via a new mechanism.
494.	ML327 possesses favorable physiochemical properties, an excellent dystrophia myotonica protein kinase (DMPK) profile. Thus, ML327 is valuable probe for studying E-cadherin expression in tumor cell lines via a novel mechanism of regulating E-cadherin transcription.
495.	There is no widely accepted standard of care for canine anal sac apocrine gland adenocarcinoma (ASAGAC). Surgery alone is inadequate in many cases, but the benefit of adjuvant chemotherapy is not well established. The primary objective of this retrospective study was to evaluate the role of carboplatin chemotherapy in the post-operative management of ASAGAC. 
496.	Seventy-four dogs with naturally occurring ASAGAC underwent surgery. Forty-four dogs received adjuvant carboplatin and 30 did not. Median overall survival (OS) was 703 days. Median time to progression (TTP) was 384 days. Only primary tumour size and lymph node metastasis at diagnosis significantly impacted the outcome. Differences in OS and TTP, between the dogs that received adjuvant carboplatin and those that did not, failed to reach statistical significance. Treatment of progressive disease, whilst not limited to chemotherapy, significantly prolonged the survival. This study shows that adjuvant carboplatin chemotherapy is well tolerated and may have a role in the management of dogs with ASAGAC.
497.	Malone antegrade continence enema associated with abdominoperineal resection and perineal colostomy provided acceptable continence. It preserved the body image of the patients and resulted in a satisfactory quality of life. It is a potential alternative for patients who are not willing to have a permanent colostomy.
498.	Gastrointestinal stromal tumours (GIST) are the most common mesenchymal tumours of the gastrointestinal tract. They constitute a significant percentage ranging from 1-2 % of all the gastrointestinal neoplasms [11]. 
499.	 Fifteen patients (10 %) received neoadjuvant Imatinib for down staging of the tumour prior to surgery. 
500.	HER2 status in gastric and GEJ cancers, although reported from across the world, is yet unknown in India due to lack of published literature from the country.
501.	The very low incidence of complications in this study, such as those not preventable by a diverting stoma, suggest a very low chance of leakage in low or ultralow anastomosis in patients with rectal cancer and in those who were treated with neoadjuvant radiotherapy.
502.	Primary abdominal tumours attract considerable notice because of their serious prognosis, high cost of treatment and the emotional and psychological trauma. 
503.	No major necrosis in need of reoperation was identified in the studied obese patients. It was concluded that categorizing obesity as a relative contraindication to TRAM flap breast reconstruction should be revisited based on larger cohort studies.
504.	 Intraoperative frozen sections (FS) of sentinel lymph nodes (SLNs) can be used to detect metastatic disease, allowing immediate axillary lymph node dissection.
505.	FS had sensitivity of 92.6 %, specificity of 100 %, and overall accuracy of 98.1 %. The positive predictive value was 100 %, and the negative predictive value was 97.6 %. FS for diagnosis of metastasis of SLNs is reliable. 
506.	The most effective treatment for thyroid cancer (TC) invading into the larynx and trachea is a complete surgical resection of the tumor, but currently employed techniques are less than ideal. We report a novel surgical technique, which we named Windmill resection and Tetris reconstruction, for patients with TC invading into the laryngeal lumen. 
507.	Two patients underwent permanent tracheostomy due to permanent bilateral RLN palsy. 
508.	This novel surgical technique may be as effective as window resection of the larynx for local control of TC and contributes to the quality of life of patients by resulting in a less unsightly surgical wound.
509.	Herein, we present a case of BFM in a 2-year-old male child, who presented to our hospital with abdominal pain and a lump in the abdomen. 
510.	It has been reported that a leukotriene (LT)-D4 receptor (i.e. cysteinyl LT1 receptor; CysLT1R) has an important role in carcinogenesis. The current study was carried out to assess the possible antitumor effects of montelukast (MON), a CysLT1R antagonist, in a mouse mammary carcinoma model, that is, a solid Ehrlich carcinoma (SEC). 
511.	MON treatments also significantly mitigated both tumor- and DOX-induced declines in immune parameters assessed here.
512.	Moreover, MON led to decreased NF-κB nuclear expression and, in doing so, appeared to chemosensitize these tumor cells to DOX-induced apoptosis.
513.	Human adenovirus (HAdV) is one of the most feared infections among immunocompromised patients. In particular, in liver transplant patients, HAdV has been implicated in acute liver failure with resultant mortality. 
514.	The development of current molecular techniques and surveillance testing protocols have provided tools for early detection of HAdV infection, prior to or at the early onset of HAdV disease. 
515.	 In multiple reports, cidofovir treatment has been associated with declines in HAdV viral loads or clinical improvement in solid organ and bone marrow transplant recipients.
516.	 He recovered with reduced immune suppression but without antiviral therapy, thus avoiding potential toxicities associated with cidofovir therapy.
517.	Such information would allow clinicians to better stratify patients by risk at the time of adenoviremia detection so that low-risk patients are not unnecessarily exposed to medications with potential toxicities.
518.	 Early detection of resectable recurrences may result in a curative resection.
519.	The guidelines regarding follow-up of patients after curative resection of GI cancers are from the West which is very different from the Indian population in terms of a disease pattern and social milieu. 
520.	Migraine is one of the most common recurrent types of headache and is the seventh cause of disability. 
521.	 One of the main roles of Mg is to conserve neurons electric potential. Therefore, magnesium deficiency can cause neurological complications. 
522.	Migraine is usually related to low amounts of Mg in serum and cerebrospinal fluid (CSF). 
523.	Magnesium deficiency is commonly associated with liver diseases, and may result from low nutrient uptake, greater urinary secretion, low serum albumin concentration, or hormone inactivation. 
524.	 In turn, low magnesium content in serum and liver tissue can lead to the progression of these diseases, due to a disruption in mitochondrial function, defective protein kinase C (PKC) translocation, inflammatory responses, oxidative stress, or metabolic disorders. 
525.	Furthermore, magnesium supplementation can improve liver function in certain liver diseases. 
526.	Magnesium, one of the basic elements for the human body, is necessary for many physiological functions. 
527.	Magnesium deficiency is widely observed as a result of the reduced nutrient content of foods, over-cooking, diseases, drugs, alcohol, and caffeine consumption. 
528.	 It has been demonstrated that absorption of organic magnesium compounds is better than absorption of inorganic compounds. The aim of this study is to investigate transitions to tissues of different organic magnesium compounds in different doses and whether there is a difference in the organic acid-bounded compounds (magnesium citrate and magnesium malate) and the amino acid-bounded compounds (magnesium acetyl taurate and magnesium glycinate), associated with transition and bioavailability. 
529.	In addition, the effects of split dosages of high doses in a high volume of solvent on tissue magnesium levels are being investigated, because galenic formulation problems are regarded to prepare convenient dosage that can be taken once a day.
530.	All magnesium compounds were administered as three different doses, 45, 135, and 405 mg/70 kg elemental magnesium, were given per orally to Balbc mice. In a second set of experiments, 405 mg/70 kg high dose was divided into two doses of 202.5 mg/70 kg each and administered every 12 h. Brain, muscle tissues, and serum magnesium levels measured in all experimental groups and control 24 h later. Brain magnesium levels were found increased in all magnesium acetyl taurate administered subjects. Magnesium citrate increased muscle and brain magnesium levels in a dose-independent manner. We showed that dividing high doses of daily administered magnesium compounds did not sufficiently increase tissue magnesium levels. 
531.	Decreased bone mass and an increased risk of bone fractures become more common with age. This condition is often associated with osteoporosis and is caused by an imbalance of bone resorption and new bone formation.
532.	Here, we summarize how optimal magnesium and vitamin D balance improve health outcomes in the elderly, the role of magnesium and vitamin D on bone formation, and the implications of widespread deficiency of these factors in the United States and worldwide, particularly in the elderly population.
533.	Here we determine the effects of serum magnesium on aortic calcification in Klotho knock-out mice treated with a minimal or a high magnesium diet from birth. 
534.	Compared to mice on the minimal magnesium diet, the high magnesium diet reduced femoral bone mineral density by 20% and caused excessive osteoid formation indicating osteomalacia. 
535.	In Saos-2 osteoblasts, magnesium supplementation reduced mineralization independent of osteoblast function. Thus, high dietary magnesium prevents calcification in Klotho knock-out mice.
536.	These effects are potentially mediated by reduction of inflammatory and extracellular matrix remodeling pathways within the aorta. Hence magnesium treatment may be promising to prevent vascular calcification, but the risk for osteomalacia should be considered.
537.	Chronic kidney disease (CKD) is associated with a wide number of abnormalities in mineral metabolism.
538.	In this context, mineral and bone disorder associated with CKD (CKD-MBD) are highlighted, connecting bone, renal, and cardiovascular disorders. Many studies have been led to propose strategies to avoid, reduce, or slow down CKD-MBD progression using different compositions of metallic elements-based P binders such as aluminum, magnesium, or calcium. 
539.	Magnesium, the aim of this review, has been used by nephrologists to treat CKD-MBD with a variable acceptation due mainly to different results on bone homeostasis.
540.	Nowadays, we have new evidence about the efficacy of magnesium supplementation on vascular calcification, renal function, and bone disorders, suggesting potential beneficial effects of Magnesium in the management of CKD-MBD.
541.	Macrophages play a central role in the inflammatory process due to the production of cytokines involved in the tissue healing but also in the possible failure of the implants. 
542.	Magnesium-based biomaterials could thus induce a faster inflammation resolution while improving tissue repair. 
543.	Mg extracts exacerbated simultaneously the macrophage M1 and M2 profiles while Mg-2Ag and Mg-10Gd rather inhibited the M1 differentiation. Furthermore, 39 °C exhibited protective effect by either decreasing cytokine production or promoting anti-inflammatory ones, with or without extracts. Mg-based biomaterials could thus induce a faster inflammation resolution while improving tissue repair.
544.	 Recent studies highlighted the association of hypomagnesemia and, thereby, supplementation of Mg2+ in the management of eye diseases.
545.	The neurovascular protective effects of Mg2+ mediated through activation of endothelial nitric oxide synthase and inhibition of endothelin-1 eventually result in vasodilatation of retinal vessels. 
546.	Mg2+ can maintain the lens sodium pump activity and antioxidant status and block the calcium channels and release of glutamate in nerve endings. Furthermore, it can prevent the apoptosis of retinal ganglion cells. All these effects contribute to its being a pharmacological agent against ocular diseases. 
547.	However, too much magnesium, whether it’s due to over-consumption or under-excretion, can result in serious health issues for the patient. 
548.	Magnesium supplementation is often suggested for restless legs syndrome (RLS) or period limb movement disorder (PLMD) based on anecdotal evidence that it relieves symptoms and because it is also commonly recommended for leg cramps.
549.	We found 855 abstracts and 16 of these could not be definitively excluded for not addressing all aspects of our research question. 
550.	In terms of antinociceptive action, the main mode of action of magnesium involves its antagonist action at the N-methyl-d-aspartate (NMDA) receptor, which prevents central sensitization and attenuates preexisting pain hypersensitivity. 
551.	Magnesium (Mg2+ ), as a main component of bone, is widely applied to promote bone growth and regeneration. 
552.	Appropriate concentrations of Mg2+ can promote the mineralization of bone marrow mesenchymal stem cells, while excessive Mg2+ impairs their osteogenesis. The earlier the Mg2+ is added, the stronger the observed inhibition of mineralization. In particular, less Mg2+ is present in fully mineralized collagen than in poorly mineralized collagen. Furthermore, a high concentration of Mg2+ changes the crystalline morphology of HA and inhibits collagen calcification. Functionally, a high-Mg2+ diet inhibits bone biomineralization in mouse offspring. Taken together, the results suggest that appropriate regulation of Mg2+ concentration over time is vital for normal biomineralization.
553.	 The mutation leads to impaired T cell activation and an increased risk of developing hematologic malignancies.
554.	The quantitative association between serum/dietary magnesium and cardiovascular disease (CVD) remains unclear. We conducted a dose-response meta-analysis to evaluate the quantitative association between serum/dietary magnesium and CVD, including coronary heart disease (CHD).
555.	Result for the endpoint of pain reduction by 50% were conflicting as 3 studies reported that headache was improved, unchanged, and less with magnesium sulfate.
556.	Complete pain relief was improved with magnesium sulfate in 1 study, and in the migraine with aura (MA) subgroup in another. 
557.	The need for rescue analgesia at any point was improved with magnesium sulfate in 1 study, and in the MA subgroup in another. 
558.	Twenty-four-hour headache recurrence was improved with magnesium sulfate in 1 study, but unchanged in a second. 
559.	The intended meta-analysis was not performed due to the clinical heterogeneity among studies.
560.	The presence of hypertension significantly increased the probability of diabetes along a wide range of low serum magnesium. 
561.	High values of endogenous levels of magnesium (Mg) in the body and mechanisms of homeostasis regulation make it difficult to assess the bioavailability of these drugs.
562.	The study showed that the standard method of calculating the AUC (total serum Mg) is insufficient for comparative evaluation of Mg absorption due to the high levels of its endogenous content and a small increase in concentration after taking the drugs.
563.	SLC11A1 reduced Salmonella replication and triggered up-regulation of uptake systems for divalent metal cations but no other stress responses.
564.	Together, these findings identify deprivation of the main group metal magnesium as the main resistance mechanism of SLC11A1 against Salmonella.
565.	The in vitro study including cell viability, adhesion, proliferation, migration, and real-time polymerase chain reaction assays disclosed improved adhesion, proliferation, migration, and extracellular matrix remodeling abilities of human gingival fibroblasts (HGFs) on the magnesium-doped titanium. 
566.	The results of western blot suggested that the Mg-modified titanium induced the phosphorylation of AKT through the activation of PI3K. 
567.	Our results revealed that magnesium-doping would potentially enhance soft tissue sealings by promoting cellular functions of HGFs in a dose-dependent manner, boding well for its applications on surfaces of implant necks in early peri-implant soft tissue integrations.
568.	The results are not univocal, both in terms of the plasma levels and of therapeutic effects. However, from the available evidence, it emerged that supplementation with magnesium could be beneficial. Therefore, it is necessary to design ad hoc clinical trials to evaluate the efficacy of magnesium alone or together with other drugs (antidepressants) in order to establish the correct use of this cation with potential therapeutic effects.
569.	One week of magnesium supplementation lowers IL-6, muscle soreness and increases post-exercise blood glucose in response to downhill running.
570.	Magnesium supplementation reduced the IL-6 response, enhanced recovery of blood glucose, and muscle soreness after strenuous exercise, but did not improve performance or functional measures of recovery.
571.	Several alternative magnesium sulfate regimens with comparable model-predicted efficacy and safety were identified that merit evaluation in confirmatory clinical trials.
572.	In the process of bone tissue engineering, the osteoimmunomodulatory property of biomaterials is very important for osteogenic differentiation of stem cells, which determines the outcome of bone regeneration.
573.	 However, the high degradation rate of Mg leads to excessive inflammation, thereby restricting its application in bone tissue engineering. 
574.	However, the osteoimmunomodulatory properties of Mg ions themselves have not been explored yet. In this study, the osteoimmunomodulatory properties of Mg ions with involvement of macrophages and bone marrow stem cells (BMSCs) were systematically investigated. 
575.	These findings indicate that manipulating Mg ion concentration can endow the Mg biomaterial with favorable osteoimmunomodulatory properties, thereby providing fundamental evidence for improving and modifying the effect of Mg-based bone biomaterials.
576.	The Chronic Use of Magnesium Decreases VEGF Levels in the Uterine Tissue in Rats.
577.	Vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) is the most important regulator of angiogenesis which serves to provide sufficient blood supply, and can trigger both physiological and pathological angiogenesis. 
578.	 Recent studies have shown that VEGF increases in gynecological diseases (such as endometriosis, ovarian, and endometrial cancers) and is a prognostic factor in these pathologies. Therefore, VEGF should be maintained at appropriate levels.
579.	 In the uterine tissue of Mg-treated subjects, magnesium levels increased while VEGF, SOD, GPx, and MDA levels decreased without histological changes. There was a negative correlation between uterine tissue magnesium levels and VEGF, SOD, GPx, and MDA levels. Consequently, the results of this study demonstrated that regular magnesium use decreased VEGF levels in uterus. Decreased VEGF levels were associated with decreased uterine oxidative stress. Chronic magnesium usage may protect the uterine tissue from certain diseases in which angiogenesis is critical.
580.	Magnesium (Mg) and some of its alloys have attracted extensive interests for biomedical applications as they exhibit biodegradability and low elastic modulus that is closer to natural bones than the currently used metallic implant materials such as titanium (Ti) and its alloys, stainless steels, and cobalt-chromium (Co-Cr) alloys. 
581.	However, the rapid degradation of Mg alloys and loss of their mechanical integrity before sufficient bone healing impede their clinical application.
582.	Clear definitions of strengthening mechanisms using reinforcement particle in the magnesium matrix, as there were controversial in governing equations of strengthening parameters.
583.	 Further study is important to understand the modifying effects of the balance between calcium and magnesium intake on physical activity for chronic disease prevention.
584.	Metabolic failure is associated with dyslipidemia and coagulation which can result in a higher risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD) in type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). 
585.	 Magnesium supplementation increased lactate clearance in critically ill patients with severe sepsis.
586.	he effects of calcium and magnesium can be highlighted in physio-chemical interactions, gene regulation and bio-macromolecular structural modification, which lead to either promotion or inhibition of biofilms.
587.	A number of studies have assessed the association between serum magnesium (Mg) and premenstrual syndrome (PMS) in different population, but the findings have been inconclusive. Herein, we systematically reviewed available observational studies to elucidate the overall relationship between Mg and PMS.
588.	PubMed, Cochrane's library, ScienceDirect, Scopus, Google Scholar, and ISI web of science databases were searched for all available literature until January 2019 for studies evaluating the association between Mg and PMS.
589.	These results demonstrate that Mg2+ is a key ion that promotes competent blastocyst and term development. Therefore, a simple and efficient defined medium (CR1-Mg2+-BSA) can successfully replace complex serum and somatic cell co-culture.
590.	Magnesium (Mg) alloys are embraced for their biodegradability and biocompatibility. 
591.	However, Mg degrades spontaneously in the biological environment in vivo and in vitro, triggering deposition of calcium phosphate on the metal.
592.	Upon complete metal absorption, minerals remain in the tissue, which could lead to pathogenic calcification.
593.	Upon complete metal absorption, minerals remain in the tissue, which could lead to pathogenic calcification. Hence, our aims are to test the feasibility of matrix GLA protein (MGP) to locally inhibit Mg mineralization that is induced by metal alloy degradation. 
594.	Compared to other groups, higher volume loss after implantation was observed from the MGP group at both time points, indicating a higher corrosion rate without the protective mineral layer. 
595.	Intramuscular ionized magnesium was significantly lower in women that in men (p < 0.001), perhaps due to chronic latent Mg deficiency in women that is not otherwise detected by serum magnesium levels. 
596.	Mutations in domains of CorA that are predicted to regulate the pore opening in response to Mg2+ ions conferred resistance to this scaffold. 
597.	However, the compound lacked efficacy in infected mice, possibly due to limited exposure.
598.	 In the postoperative period, biochemical hypocalcemia (<8.5 mg/dL) was observed in 126 patients (44%) and severe hypocalcemia (<7.5 mg/dL, a level indicating the need for longer hospitalization) was seen in 40 (14%). 
599.	However, these mice also show osteomalacia, indicating that magnesium has a Janus face.
600.	From this study, it may conclude that type 2 persons are considered to have significant positive relation for formation of hypomagnesaemia. So, prevention of type 2 diabetes mellitus by taking necessary steps like regular physical exercise, intake of healthy diet and behavior therapy may supplementation of magnesium help in prevention of type 2 diabetes mellitus related complication.
