1. CSD- activate-trigeminal nociception
CSD-trigger-headache mechanism
2. Nucleotide metabolism enzymes-are-cancer
Nucleotide metabolism enzymes-are-autoimmune diseases
3. Folate ligands-used as-GART
4. TIA-leaves- neuro deficit
TIA-prevention therapy 
5. Oral cavity carcinoma-is-cancer
6. Migraineur-caused by-hereditary factors
migraineur-caused by-internal factors
migraineur-caused by- female sex hormone
7. Migraine-can-functional ocular disorder 
8. Chocolate-relationship between-migraine
9. headache attack-chocolate
10. Cerebral- had no correlation in- migraineurs 
endothelial function-had no correlation-migraineurs
11. BMI-was- impaired BHI
impaired BHI- migraineurs
12. oral squamous cell carcinoma-showed- level IIB lymph node involvement.
13. reversible cognitive dysfunction-migraine attack
14. greater ONB-doesn’t reduce-migraine days
 patients -episodic migraine
patients-chronic migraine
greater ONB-placebo
15. choroidal thickness-decreased-unilateral migraine patients
16. complex migraine aura-teenagers 
17. level IIB dissection-oral cavity cancer
oral cavity cancer-underwent-primary surgery
oral cavity cancer-underwent functional neck dissection
18. aura symptoms-teenage migraineurs
19. clinical characteristics--diagnosis of-migraine without aura
migraine covariates -diagnosis of-migraine without aura
20. diagnostic criteria-migraine
21. PFO closure-results in-migraine subsiding
PFO closure-symptoms ameliorating
22. Tracheobronchial rupture-is- life-threatening complication
Tracheobronchial rupture-caused by neck and chest trauma
23. migraine dietary-triggers-migraine aura status
24. gender-influence- headache
25. true TIA-interpreted-stroke neurologist
26.  Serum levels of ICAM1- IL-6 – were-migraine patients.
27. Patent foramen ovale (PFO)- associated-paradoxical embolism
paradoxical embolism -leading to-stroke/transient ischemic attack
paradoxical embolism -leading to-migraine
paradoxical embolism -leading to- neurological decompression sickness
28. PFO anatomy-Flatstent
Flatstent-treat-PFOs
29. Initial multifocal hypoperfusion-multifocal origin
Mechanism- persistent hyperperfusion
30. genuine migraine-surgical excision
brain abscesses- selective infestation of the cerebrum
selective infestation of the cerebrum-Entamoeba histolytica
31. prolonged video-EEG-ruled out-ictal
prolonged video-EEG-ruled out-postictal migraine
32. occipital lesion-caused-occipital epileptiform EEG discharges
33. Occipital epileptiform discharges-trigger-migraine
migraine -Trigeminovascular
migraine -brainstem system
34. Almotriptan malate (ALM)-treatment of migraine
Almotriptan malate (ALM)- nausea
Almotriptan malate (ALM)-vomiting
35. GG microsphere-delivering -ALM
GG microsphere -migraine
36. Singapore preference weights-EQ-5D valuations
health-related quality -psychiatric
health-related quality-chronic physical conditions
37. neurologic side effects-associated -sclerotherapy 
neurologic side effects-associated-use of physiologic foams.
38. physiologic gases-reduce-visual disturbance
Endothelin- visual disturbance
39. occlusion of cerebral arterioles-gas emboli
40. CO2/O2 foam-considered- foam sclerotherapy
41. cell machinery-implicated- cardiac, skeletal and smooth muscle contraction,
cell machinery- nerve impulses
cell machinery- salt and water homeostasis
cell machinery- pain and taste perception
42. sodium channels-drug targets
sodium channels- cardiac arrhythmias
sodium channels-heart attack, 
sodium channels- stroke, 
sodium channels- migraine, 
sodium channels- epilepsy, 
sodium channels- pain, 
sodium channels- cancer, 
sodium channels- autoimmune disorders
43. protein matrix-attenuates-ion-protein interactions
ion-solvent -interacts- conserved glutamates
44. episodic disorders- attack-precipitants
episodic disorders -therapeutic responses
episodic disorders-natural history
electrical disorders- attack-precipitants
electrical disorders-therapeutic responses
electrical disorders-natural history
genes- ion channel genes
45. disorders don’t result-mutations in channels
46. episodic movement disorders- episodic electric disorders
paroxysmal dyskinesia- episodic electric disorders
causative genes- episodic electric disorders
episodic electric disorders-resulting from-synaptic dysfunction
47. molecular pathogenesis of electrical and disorders-are-mutation
mutation- the primary determinants of membrane excitability
48. Migraine attacks-initiated by-trigger factors
Exposures-increase-attack
49. migraine attack-electronic diaries
50. consecutive patients-urban ED for headache
urban ED- headache
51. giant abdominal neuroblastoma- severe hypertension
52. Migraine-stroke
Migraine-associated with-cardiovascular disease
53. comorbid migraine-cardiovascular 
comorbid migraine -cerebrovascular disease
54. Cognitive difficulties-contribute to- migraine attacks 
55. VM- head and neck regions
56. Cognitive performance-decreases-migraine attacks
57. migraine attacks-white matter hyperintensities
structural abnormalities -repeated headaches
58. VM- dilated feeding arteries
dilated feeding arteries- lead to-dilated venous structures of varying caliber
dilated venous structures of varying caliber- constituting -malformation
59. Migraineurs-pCBF
sustained vascular differences-migraine attacks
60. Headache chronicity-migraine
61. Chronic migraine-impairs-QOL
62. Estrogen-lead to-inflammatory pathways
Estrogen-lead to-sodium gated channel activity
Estrogen-lead to- vasodilation
Estrogen-lead to-allodynia
63. tissue samples-revealed-genes
genes-inflammation 
genes - vasodilation
64. choroidal thickness-migraine attacks
65. Chronic migraine- migraine
66. Chronic migraine-migraine
Chronic migraine -phenotypic characteristics
67. Migraine-headache
68. novel pharmacological possibilities - peripheral and central sensitization
69. migraine-Hypersensitivities-sensory stimuli
70. Migraineurs-low heat pain thresholds
Migraineurs-migraine attacks
71. nose bleeding-migraine attack
72. nose bleeding-attacks of migraine 
73. dry eye-headache characteristics
migraine patients-aura
74. dry eye-migraine patients
migraine patients -Auras
75. oBT-WLC
76. Sustained headache relief (SHR)-debilitating pain
77. Airway peak pressure-result in-intracranial pressure
ETCO2--result in-intracranial pressure
intracranial pressure-must be avoided -craniotomies
78. attenuating effect-ASA
pain processing structures-ASA
79. Stress-migraine
migraine-migraineurs
80. radium-223 dichloride-in-comparison with- appropriate comparator therapy (ACT)
appropriate comparator therapy (ACT)- castration-resistant prostate cancer
radium-223 dichloride -symptomatic bone metastases 
radium-223 dichloride -visceral metastases.
81. Cytokines-cancer
82. magnesium deficiency-physical stressors
magnesium deficiency-psychological stressors
physical and psychological stressors -Dysfunction oxidative phosphorylation
83. Musculoskeletal changes- lateral tension
Musculoskeletal changes-idiopathic moving toes
Musculoskeletal changes -physical and psychological stress
Musculoskeletal changes -trauma
Musculoskeletal changes -vascularization
84. thyroid function- Stressors
morphology Stressors
Stressors-supplementation regime
85. neurotensin (NTS)- malignancy procession
86. oral bioavailability-invasive fungal infections
87. magnesium deficiency-no significant intracellular-chronic bronchial asthma
88. Oxalate concentration-forage plants
Oxalate concentration -results in-mineral deficiency
89. Soluble oxalate-decreased -maturity
90. Metabolic Syndrome-obesity
Metabolic Syndrome -insulin resistance-
Metabolic Syndrome hypertension
91. NADPH production-stimulates-cortisol production
cortisol production -hepatic insulin resistance
cortisol production –altering-liver metabolism
92. Magnesium- intracellular cation
serum magnesium levels-tissue magnesium content
93. Hypomagnesemia-correlates with-lower magnesium concentrations
94. aura symptoms- migraine
95. Vitamin D deficiency-autism children
Vitamin D -reducing - risk of autism
96. plant nutrient magnesium (Mg)-involved in-physiological processes
magnesium Deficiency-reduce-quality of crops
97. physiological Mg demand-fertilization strategy
98. Ion analysis- Mg-deficient
Mg-deficient plants-Mn-toxicity 
Mg deficiency acid soils
99. foliar fertilization with Mg-nutrient deficiencies
100. anticancer drug carboplatin- biodegradable polymer polycaprolactone (PCL)
101. Mg levels- CV risk markers
Mg levels- PP, 
Mg levels- LVMI
Mg levels-VC
Mg levels -HD patients
102. Mg (2+)- metabolism
cofactor-phosphoryl transfers
103. Mg (2+) deficiency-inhibits-energy production
Mg (2+) deficiency-tumor production
104. Mg (2+) concentrations-coordinated responses
Mg (2+) concentrations-serum concentrations
105. serial rounds-high cell density
serum concentration -field cancerization
106. Zinc (Zn)- health problem 
calcium (Ca）- health problem
magnesium (Mg) -health problem
107. Larger shoot biomass reductions-observed-high Zn
Larger shoot biomass reductions-observed-Ca
Larger shoot biomass reductions-observed--Mg treatment
Larger shoot biomass reductions-observed-
Larger shoot biomass reductions-observed-superoxide dismutase (SOD)
Larger shoot biomass reductions-observed--ascorbate peroxidase (APX)
H2O2-malondialdehyde (MDA)
108. Larger shoot biomass reductions-observed-high Zn treatment
Larger shoot biomass reductions-observed-Ca treatment
Larger shoot biomass reductions-observed--Mg treatment
superoxide dismutase (SOD)-ascorbate peroxidase (APX)
H2O2-malondialdehyde (MDA)
109. Thiamine deficiency (TD)-beriberi
Thiamine deficiency (TD)—Metabolism of carbohydrates
dehydrogenases of pyruvate-acid cycle
alpha-ketoglutarate-acid cycle
110. 2-hydroxyacyl-CoA lyase (HACL1)-peroxisomal enzyme
thiamine pyrophosphate (TPP)-prion protein
111. HACL1-alpha oxidatio
HACL1-phytanic acid
HACL1-2-hydroxy long-chain fatty acids
HACL1-beta oxidation
112. Stresses-head injury
intermittent cerebellar ataxia-thiamine deficiency/dependency
113. Calories-carbohydrate
Calories -Fat
Calories -calorie/thiamine ratio 
114. TD-results in-pseudo hypoxia
limbic system-brainstem
autonomic nervous system-psychosomatic disease
115. malnutrition continues-neurodegeneration
Neurodegeneration-brain diseases 
116. brain activity- glutamatergic system 
brain activity -micronutrient concentrations
117. brain activity-micronutrient concentrations
AWS-improve-symptom evolution
118. TRPM7 kinase inactivation-magnesium deprivation resistance 
119. TRPM7 kinase-magnesium status 
TRPM7 kinase - magnesium deprivation
120. thiamine deficiency-irreversible consequences
121. thiamine deficiency-thiamine supplementation
122. The deficiency of Cu- lead absorption
Mg- lead absorption
Fe - lead absorption
123. Wernicke encephalopathy-thiamine deficiency
Wernicke encephalopathy-vitamin B1 deficiency
124. Wernicke encephalopathy- medical emergency
125. Magnesium-migraine pathophysiology
Magnesium Deficiency-migraine development
126. magnesium status -migraine
127. diabetes patients-renal function
renal function-lead to-renal failure 
128. renal function- ethnic/genetic and demographic causes
renal function- smoking habits
renal function- -glycated hemoglobin levels
renal function- Obesity
renal function- -albuminuria
renal function- Anemia
renal function- -serum magnesium levels
renal function- serum phosphate levels
renal function- vitamin D deficiency
renal function- systolic blood pressure
renal function- -pulse pressure
renal function- brachial-ankle pulse wave velocity values
renal function- retinopathy,
renal function- cardiac autonomic neuropathy
129. diabetic subjects-renal function
renal function -renal protection
renal function -cardiovascular protection
130. Minerals-nutrients
Heat- in metabolism
electrolyte balance-bone
blood clotting-nerve impulse
enzyme cofactors- physiological processes
131. XMEN disease-primary immune deficiency
Mutations-MAGT1
chronic infection -Epstein-Barr virus (EBV)
chronic infection -EBV-driven lymphoma
chronic infection CD4 T-cell lymphopenia
chronic infection - dysgammaglobulinemia
132. refined carbohydrates-micronutrients intakes
inflammatory mediators- -obesity
133. physiologic insulin resistance-puberty
obese pubertal children-insulin resistance
134. Magnesium-deficient diet-inflammation
refined carbohydrates-insulin resistance
refined carbohydrates-central adiposity
135. ethylene/nitric oxide ratio-cell death-
Tomato-salt stress
136.  Ethylene-accumulation
 root apices-suspension culture cells
sublethal salt stress-NaCl
137. Cells-suspension culture
oxygen species- contributed to-NO deficiency
oxygen species- contributed to-cell death induction
138. Ethylene-apical root segments
cell suspension resulted in-ion disequilibrium
139. intravenous magnesium administration-serum calcium levels
140. plasma levels-intact parathyroid hormone 
intact parathyroid hormone-increased-magnesium administration
141. Hypocalcemia- parathyroid hormone
parathyroid hormone secretion- hypomagnesemia
142. infliximab therapy- abdominal symptoms 
infliximab therapy -endoscopic findings 
infliximab therapy -serum calcium
infliximab therapy -magnesium levels
infliximab therapy -magnesium administration
143. serum magnesium levels-HbA1c levels
serum magnesium levels--Diabetes Mellitus type 2
144. Hypomagnesemia-Diabetes Mellitus type 2
serum magnesium-duration of disease
145. Ca, - calcareous soils 
Cu, - calcareous soils 
Fe, - calcareous soils 
Mg, - calcareous soils 
Se - calcareous soils 
Zn concentrations - calcareous soils
146. Leafy vegetables calcareous soils- elevated-leaf Ca, 
Leafy vegetables calcareous soils- elevated-Cu, 
Leafy vegetables calcareous soils- elevated-Fe 
Leafy vegetables calcareous soils- elevated-Se concentrations
Leafy vegetables calcareous soils -lower-Zn concentrations
147. magnesium chelatase paralogs-chlorophyll-deficient soybean mutants
148. Map-based cloning-transgenic complementation
mutant phenotype-nonsynonymous nucleotide substitution
Mg-chelatase subunit gene (ChlI1a)-chromosome 13
149. ChlI1b gene- paralog of ChlI1a
150. pathogenic processes-diabetes
pancreatic β-cells-insulin deficiency 
insulin deficiency -insulin action
151. β-cell death-oxidative stress-mediated mitochondrial damage
oxidative stress-mediated mitochondrial damage -redox homeostasis
152. Nrf2/Keap1 pathway-cellular defense
cellular defense -oxidative stress
153. medical geology- deficient in calcium
medical geology -deficient magnesium ions
medical geology -deficient ions
medical geology-bone development
154. magnesium chelatase paralogs-soybean mutants
155. mutant phenotype-caused by-nonsynonymous nucleotide substitution
Mg-chelatase subunit gene (ChlI1a)-chromosome 13
156. amino acid alterations- wild-type ChlI1a
amino acid alterations -ChlI1b proteins
157. β-cell death- oxidative stress-mediated mitochondrial damage 
oxidative stress-mediated mitochondrial damage -redox homeostasis
158. Diabetes-redox imbalance
redox imbalance –provokes-defective Nrf2-dependent
redox imbalance-provokes-antioxidant capacity
antioxidant capacity -β-cells
159.  Nrf2/Keap1 pathway- cellular defense
cellular defense -oxidative stress
160.  Stress- Li(+)-treatment 
pathogen-response- Li(+)-treatment
arabinogalactan protein genes- Li(+)-treatment 
161. gene regulation behavior-high-level Li(+)-inositol synthesis
gene regulation behavior-high-level Li(+-1-aminocyclopropane 1-carboxylate synthases
gene regulation behavior-high-level Li(+-membrane ion transport
162. Li(+) exposure phenocopies-magnesium-deficiency symptoms
stress response genes-metabolic
transcriptional energy- cell development
163. Li(+)-transduction genes
164. baby foods-mineral intake
baby foods -AI and EAR for iron, 
baby foods -zinc 
baby foods -calcium
165. salicylic acid- iron deficiency
nitric oxide- iron deficiency
166.  Chlorophyll- iron availability
active iron- iron availability
 Fe accumulation- iron availability
167. nutrient solution pH-H+-ATPase activity
 nutrient solution pH-H+--iron concentration
SA+SNP-iron uptake
168. SA+SNP-stimulated-ions disturbed 
ions disturbed- Fe deficiency.
169. SA-SNP-alleviating-chlorosis
170. Magnesium sulfate-used-operation room
171. warm sensation-cutaneous anesthesia
tissue pain-anesthesia 
anesthesia -Thiopental
anesthesia -atracurium 
172. magnesium sulfate-inadvertent intravenous
magnesium sulfate-Spinal injection
magnesium sulfate--epidural injection
173. physical activity- type 2 diabetes 
dietary intake- type 2 diabetes
metabolic control-type 2 diabetes
174. physical activity-adequate protein intake
glycated hemoglobin-triglyceride
high-density lipoprotein-waist circumference
body mass index-body fat
serum magnesium-albumin levels
175. inadequate protein intake-glycated hemoglobin
inadequate protein intake -Triglyceride
inadequate protein intake -body fat percentage
inadequate protein intake -waist circumference
inadequate protein intake -body mass index 
176. inadequate protein- magnesium deficiency
magnesium intake-magnesium deficiency
magnesium deficiency -glycemic control 
177. inadequate protein intake-glycemic control
inadequate protein intake - high-density lipoprotein
inadequate protein intake -Triglyceride
inadequate protein intake -body fat percentage
inadequate protein intake -waist circumference
inadequate protein intake -body mass index
178. Hypomagnesemia- hypercalciuria and nephrocalcinosis (FHHNC)
hypercalciuria and nephrocalcinosis (FHHNC)-autosomal recessive tubular disease
autosomal recessive tubular disease-CLDN16 gene
autosomal recessive tubular disease -CLDN19 gene
179. mutation p.G20D-genetic screening
180. magnesium deficiency-diabetic patients
epidemiological studies-magnesium deficiency 
181. Oral magnesium supplementation-blood glucose
Oral magnesium supplementation -lipid profile
Oral magnesium supplementation -blood pressure
Oral magnesium supplementation -type II diabetes
182. Hypomagnesaemia-type-2 diabetic hypokalemic patients
183. Hypomagnesaemia-type-2 diabetic hypokalemic patients
Hypomagnesaemia-clinicians
184. Ballet dancing-multifaceted activity
Ballet dancing-demanding training schedules
185.  iron deficiency-inadequate nutrient intakes
186. dietary Mg intake- adolescents
187.  Serum Mg levels- functional hypoparathyroidism
functional hypoparathyroidism-VDD
188. low serum iron- be associated with ADHD 
ferritin levels- be associated with ADHD
vitamin D deficiency -be associated with ADHD.
189. mineral elements-macro element
mineral elements-trace elements
mineral elements -bone metabolism-Deficiency
190. osteoblast differentiation-SMFs
osteoblast differentiation-mineral elements
191. chronic hyperkalemia-diabetic individuals
chronic hyperkalemia -Syndrome-hyporeninemic hypoaldosteronism
192. pathophysiology-directed therapy-deleterious effects
pathophysiology--electrolyte disorders
193. cancer diagnosis-cancer
194. ADM-NMCs combined with LIFU- VX2 liver tumor
tumor proliferation- liver tumor targeting chemotherapy
195. Colon cancer-cancer
196. protein biomarker- colon cancer
197.  folate ligands-inhibitors of GART
198. polypectomy -colonoscopy surveillance programme
199. ultrasound exploration - gluteal region
200. HER2 / neu-positive breast cancer-anti-HER2 / neu treatment
HER2 / neu-positive breast cancer -Eribulin 
201. Biliary cystadenoma- benign cystic hepatic neoplasm
202. Herceptin- HER2+ breast cancer
203. ioUS- neurosurgery
ECD -neurosurgery
ioUS- superficial tumors
ECD- superficial tumors
ioUS- deep intraventicular lesions
ECD- deep intraventicular lesions
204. thymomas- pure red cell aplasia (PRCA)
thymomas- Good's syndrome
205. PET CT scanning- cancer
206. N0 oral squamous cell carcinoma-level IIB lymph node involvement
207. frozen section level 2a-level 2b node dissection 
208. Tracheobronchial rupture-neck trauma
Tracheobronchial rupture -chest trauma 
209.  Iatrogenic tracheobronchial rupture-intubation
Iatrogenic tracheobronchial rupture-Tracheostomy
Iatrogenic tracheobronchial rupture--bronchoscopy 
Iatrogenic tracheobronchial rupture-pre-existing primary diseases 
210. appearance of VM-feeding arteries-dilated venous structures
feeding arteries-dilated venous structures of varying caliber
211. computed tomographic (CT) -vascular malformation
Spectrum CT appearances- lesion
212. airway peak pressure- intracranial pressure 
ETCO2- intracranial pressure
intracranial pressure- craniotomies
213. Tracheal stenosis-airway pressure
214. Craniotomy-tracheal stenosis
215. Docetaxel-prednisone
Docetaxel-prednisolone
216. Benzo[α]pyrene (B[α]P)- PAHs
PAHs- aryl hydrocarbon receptor (AhR)
217. 
218. AhR- NFATc1 pathways
AhR- lung tissue
NFATc1 pathways- lung tissue
219. CsA administration- AhR 
220. AhR expression- is dependent on-NFATc1 activation 
NFATc1 inhibition- decreases-AhR expression
221. Fgl2-viral-induced fibrin
induced fibrin -inflammatory diseases
induced fibrin -malignancies
induced fibrin- Fgl2 expression
Fgl2 expression- disease biomarker 
Fgl2 expression-therapeutic target
222. Neuropeptides-soluble factors
Neuropeptides -central nervous system-proliferation
central nervous system-proliferation
central nervous system- tumor cells
223. NTS-expression of interleukin-8 (IL-8) 
NTS-secretion of interleukin-8 (IL-8) 
NTS -imflammatory response—epithelial-mesenchymal transition (EMT)-related tumor migration
imflammatory response—epithelial-mesenchymal transition (EMT)-related tumor migration
224. CsA- B[α]P-induced lung tissue
CsA- NFATc1 expression
225. Sibbens-venereal syphilis
226. treatment of cancer- advocate-curative 
treatment of cancer-palliative excision
227. cerebral compression-bleeding following head injury
cerebral compression -directed trephine
cerebral compression -drainage
228. intranasal administration-treat-glioma anticipating
intranasal administration-improved-brain delivery
nasal route possess-brain
nanoparticles-Mucosal
nanoparticles-blood-brain barrier
229. carboplatin-PCL nanoparticles-brain delivery 
brain delivery-nasal route
230. CPC-08-nasal absorption
CPC-08-intranasal administration of carboplatin
carboplatin-brain delivery
231. ADM-NMCs- LIFU
ADM-NMCs combined with LIFU -VX2 liver tumor progress
VX2 liver tumor progress -liver tumor targeting chemotherapy
232. Cells-nanoparticle-loaded drug
p53-dependent DNA/RNA-intercalation-based induction of Cytotoxicity-epirubicin
caspase 3-induced cell death-epirubicin-loaded PBCA formulation
p53-dependent DNA/RNA-intercalation-based induction of Cytotoxicity- caspase 3-induced cell death
233. Lesion-extra-gonadal yolk sac tumor
234. ioUS -ECD 
ioUS -neurosurgery
ioUS-neurosurgery
ioUS --superficial tumors
ECD--superficial tumors
ioUS --deep intraventicular lesions
ECD--superficial tumors
235. transforming growth factor β (TGFβ)- pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (PDA
236. antibody-mediated inhibition of stromal Tgfβr2 
237. Bayesian two-stage biomarker-adaptive randomization (AR) design 
adaptive randomization (AR) design-targeted agents
238. Bayesian adaptive designs-continuous learning
multiple targeted agents- personalized medicine
239. Omics-based technology platforms-cancer profiling tests 
240. The Institute of Medicine-three-stage scheme
analytical findings-validating performance
clinical specimens-clinical utility
clinical utility -approvable test
241. smokers' treatment expectancies-smoking cessation outcomes
Naltrexone-smoking cessation
Perceptions-treatment assignment
242. baseline medication expectancies-quit rates
Naltrexone group-placebo group 
243. baseline medication expectancies-quit rates 
Naltrexone group-placebo group 
medication expectancies-pill adherence
medication expectancies-treatment response
treatment expectancies-smoking cessation treatments
244. emotional distress- experience
emotional distress- approach
245. Experience-awake airway control 
Laryngeal Mask Airway Proseal™ -patient
246. day case surgery-breast nodule resection
anesthetic record-intubation
Cancelation-awake fibroscopic intubation
emotional distress-experience 
awake airway control-Laryngeal Mask Airway Proseal™ 
Topicalisation-patency
Capnography-Anesthesia
awake intubation-airway undergoing ambulatory surgery
tracheal intubation-awake supraglottic airway
247. Biliary cystadenoma represents-premalignant potential
Diagnosis- imaging methods
imaging methods-pathology
248. Patients-Gastrointestinal cancer
Genitourinary- lung cancer
Fatigue-symptoms
Metastases-spouses
Pain-presenting symptom
 Family members-principal caregivers
249. Clinical substage--dogs-lymphoma
dogs-lymphoma
formal criteria-defining-parameter
Classification of Tumors of Domestic Animals-substage
Substage-systemic signs
250. Gastrointestinal-constitutional-respiratory signs 
clinical factors- clinical substage
251. individualized estimators-value of a biomarke
subject-specific- benefit curve
personalized value-biomarker 
Biomarker- treatment decision
252. individualized value-serum creatinine marker
Prevention-renal artery stenosis
253. immunotherapeutic strategies-parasitic infections
parasite antigens-immunotherapy 
Cancer-asthma -multiple sclerosis
asthma -multiple sclerosis
254. Thymomas-pure red cell aplasia (PRCA)
Thymomas-Good's syndrome
Thymoma-myasthenia gravis
PRCA-Good's syndrome
Case-medical literature
255. Tuberculosis-personal history
lymph nodes-PET CT scanning 
Mediastinal-axillary
para-aortic-SUVmax
Tuberculosis-PET CT scanning results
cancer patients-false positive results
256. sick role-participants
vulnerability experienced -cessation of treatment
Disturbance-medical system
257. CsA-reduction of AhR expression
mice coadministrated-B[α]P
mice coadministrated-CsA
NFATc1 expression-CsA-treated animals
NFATc1 activation-B[α]P-induced lung tissue damage
molecular interactions-AhR
NFATc1 activation-lung tissue
CsA treatment-B[α]P-induced lung damage
258. plant extract-secondary metabolites、
reducing agents-stabilizing agents、
bioreduction reaction-metallic nanoparticles
259. antibody-mediated inhibition-stromal Tgfβr2
epithelial plasticity resulting-metastasis 
xenograft models-PDA
260. mitochondrial superoxide-spontaneous metastasis
Mice-therapy
261. curative features-therapeutic features
medicinal plant-complicated diseases
262. Etiology-pathogenesis
gastric ulcer -NS
Problems-gastric ulcers
263. Drug interactions-toxicity
Chemotherapy-modern-day drugs
natural compounds-pharmaceuticals
Alternately-dietary supplements
264. Canadians-chronic hepatitis C virus (HCV) infection
population level surveillance-prevalent cases
265. Incidence-HCV infection
US-Canada
liver-related morbidity-mortality
HCV infection-progressive liver disease
266. PR results-SVR
long duration-side effects
SVR-low efficacy
267. market entry-DAA agents
approved treatments-genotype 1 CHC
268. Boceprevir-telaprevir
Unmet-cure rates
side effect profiles-treatment burden
269. CSCs-cancer progenitor cells
Tumors-tumor-propagating cell population
270. benign surface epithelial-stromal tumors (BSEST)-epithelial-stromal tumors (BOT)
malignant surface epithelial-stromal tumors (MSEST)-serous adenocarcinomas (SAC)
ovarian tumors-CA 125 levels
FIGO staging-p53 expression
tumor stage-ovarian masses
271. colorectal cancer-cancer deaths
screening programmes -early (pT1) cancers
272. submucosal extent-histological features
nodal disease-en bloc resection
273. Fanconi anemia-protocols
hematopoietic stem cell transplantation-patients
274. Primary lymphoma-involve-heart
Diagnosis-therapy 
Diagnosis-death risk rate
275. Histological transformation -non-small cell
small cell lung carcinoma-receptor-tyrosine kinase inhibitor
276. Resistance-epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) mutation 
277. Transformation-small cell lung cancer (SCLC)
Treatment-EGFR-tyrosine kinase inhibitors (TKIs)
278. Pulmonary artery sarcoma-thoracic tumor
Pulmonary artery sarcoma-misdiagnosed 
279. clinical features-suspicion
Tumor-pulmonary emboli
radiological modalities -tissue sampling techniques
280. Surgical resection-multi-modality therapy
 Survival-improve-cancer
281. F-18 FDG PET/CT-extrapulmonary metastases of lung cancer
muscular metastasis-non-small-cell lung carcinoma (NSCLC)
282. Haematogenous muscular metastases of NSCLC-F-18 FDG PET/CT
distant metastases- metastatic sites
283. Statins-treat-lipid disorders
cholesterol synthesis-biosynthesis pathway
Statins-eliminating-metabolites 
284. Statins-cancer cells
Statins-inhibit-growth of a tumor
Statins-inhibit-invasion
Statins-inhibit-metastasis formation
285. vascular endothelial growth factor-tumor cells 
NK cell activity-body inflammatory response
286. pharmacokinetic properties-individual statins
 opposite effects-risk of cancer
287.  different results-depending on- location of cancer
288. Statins-cancer
Statins-reduce-morbidity
289. Women-household income
mean acculturation index score-dietary change
Illness-work constraints
Spanish-unemployment
Monolingualism-behavioral intervention trials
minority BC survivors- trial participation.
290. ionizing radiation-global dose
time-dependent changes-urinary metabolome
urinary metabolome-rat
291. global metabolic response-dose
exposure time- complexity of the responses
292. Data-biofluid constituents
Exposure-Visual Analysis of Metabolomics Package (VAMP).
293. VAMP-metabolomics
VAMP-sample sets
294. Benzimidazoles-triazoles
pharmaceutical molecules- potent medicinal activities
295. -benzoimidazole-terminal alkynes
benzimidazole-linked-1,2,3-triazole
Cytotoxicity-cancer cell lines
Activity- IC50 values
Cytotoxicity-adriamycin control drug
convergent approach-benzimidazole-linked 1,2,3-triazole congeners
296. Isoaplysin-debromoaplysinol
 cancer-derived cell populations-non-tumor-derived normal cells (MCF10A)
Analogues-anticancer drug development
297.  DE composition-factors
DE composition-toxicity
298. DE composition-engine load
mean 1-nitropyrene concentration-oxidative reactivity
engine load-modify-biological reactivity of DE
vitro toxicity measures-oxidative reactivity
DE-engine conditions
299. LE CAT=superiority
CAT-large item bank
Combination-measurement precision
300. Instruments-HOS-ADL
mHHS- LE CAT 
HOS-sports- ceiling effects
floor effects- Cronbach alpha
ow person separation index-Reliabilities
psychometric properties-senior population
301. LE CAT-psychometric aspects
LE CAT- populations
302. treatment modalities-centers of excellenc
peritoneal metastases-adverse events
303. CRS-HIPEC
Lithuania-Estonia
ovarian cancer-complications
Mortality-long-term survival benefits 
peritoneal surface oncology-Baltic states
clinical programs-peritoneal metastases
304. port-site metastasis-robotic assisted surgery
gynecological malignancies-laparoscopic hysterectomy
laparoscopic hysterectomy-surgical staging
305. port-site metastasis-robotic assisted surgery
endometrial cancer-port-site metastasis
port-site metastasis-identifiable prevention
306. operative approach-bilateral pheochromocytoma
Subtotal minimal invasive cortical sparing adrenalectomy- centers
307. robotic surgery-clinical practice
Education-training 
308. Pediatric-considerations
Pediatric-training resources
309.  Feasibility-sustainability
Events-challenges
310. basic level-intermediate level
initial training-educational needs
311. Self-assessment-surgical technique
positive surgical margins-partial nephrectomy
312. self-assessment-technique modification
PSM improvement-tumors
surgeons-look at- surgical outcomes
surgeons-modify-surgical technique
313. Apricoxib-tumor microenvironment
EMT- signaling pathways
314. Western blot analysis-IL-27 stimulation
non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) cell lines-STAT1  activation
STAT3 activation-Snail protein
mesenchymal markers-epithelial marker
315. Apricoxib-IL-27
Augmentation-STAT1 activation
316. epithelial markers-mesenchymal markers
cell migration-combination treatment
STAT1 siRNA-STAT1 pathway
317. analgesic guidelines-unique needs
Patient-outcome
318. cancer patients- refractory pain
dose-limiting side effects-analgesic medication
pain syndromes-interventional therapy
pain syndromes-adjuvant approaches
319. palliative medicine-pain services
Integration- services
320. Specialty-skills
Specialty-competencies
formal relationships- specialty areas
321. Cancer pain-bone pain
 systemic injection-carcinoma cells
322. Cancer pain-bone pain
systemic injection-carcinoma cells
alterations-cancer-induced bone pain
323. Cancer-induced bone pain-results in-bone destruction
osteoclast activity-nocifensive behaviours
324. cancer cells-induce-inflammatory infiltrate 
cancer cells-release-growth factors
Cytokines-interleukins
Chemokines-prostanoids
endothelins, resulting-pH
Deformation-afferents within bone
325. peripheral changes-drive-hypersensitivity
spinal cord sensory neurons- emotional response
emotional response-pain
326. Neurotransmitters-brain modulation
spinal function-implications
affective components-cancer pain 
327. Treatments-mechanistic insights
Opioids-pain transmission
spinal sites-supraspinal sites
Sites-opioid-induced hyperalgesia
328. Pain-cancer survivors
Recovery-rehabilitation
quality of life-work prospects
Patients-mental health 
329. Pain-underlying disease
Pain-treatments 
330. Chemotherapy-causes-chemotherapy-induced peripheral neuropathy (CIPN)
331. Radiotherapy-produce-radiation toxicity 
Surgery-lead to-post-surgical pain syndromes
332. Breast cancer-impacts-family system
patient/survivor-loved ones
Mothers-breast cancer patients
Mothers-daughters' diagnoses. 
333. Researchers-population
breast cancer survivors-managed-adversities
Disease-illness
334. Oral health workers-oral lesions
oral lesions-HIV disease
Diagnosis-management
335. Knowledge-oral HIV lesions
HIV positive patients-HIV negative patients
OHCW in Lesotho-oral lesions
health care workers-nurses 
336. large values-NRI statistic
fitting risk models-marker evaluation
337. prediction performance improvement-ROC curve
net benefit function -Brier score
prediction performance improvement-fitting risk functions
338. Dental implants-artifacts
oral cavity-diagnostic accuracy
339. Dental implants-artifacts
oral cavity-diagnostic accuracy
MRI sequences-multi-acquisition variable-resonance image combination
high-bandwidth techniques-attenuation correction (AC) 
340. MAVRIC-fast -artifact reduction
PET/MR-dental implants
diagnostic accuracy-tumors
oropharynx - PET quantification
341. blood flow-I absorbed doses
I absorbed doses-lemon-juice stimulation group
342. Sonograms-glandular blood perfusion
lemon-juice stimulation-chewing of gum base
non-stimulation-gum base-stimulated salivary glands
Submandibular-parotid glands
chewing-gum stimulation group-lemon-juice stimulation group
salivary flow-chewing gum base
salivary gland absorbed- blood flow
343. Point spread function (PSF) modelling-time-of-flight (TOF) reconstructions
SUVmax-defined protocols
lesion classification-SUVmax thresholds
344. image voxel-variance-PSF
image voxel-TOF reconstructions
Lesions- SUVmax
Protocols-lesion classification
lesion classification-SUVmax
345.  partial volume effects-lesion detectability
346. Artifacts-induce- SUVmax overestimation
SUV-PSF algorithms
MTV underestimation-threshold-based segmentation
347. Hardware-noise suppressing reconstruction algorithms
detectability of small lesions-spatial resolution
PET-computerized tomography (CT) 
PET-magnetic resonance (MR
Biopsy-surgery
Surgery-therapy monitoring
348. Radiopharmaceuticals-effective dose 
computational voxel phantoms-tissue weighting factors
computational voxel phantoms-dose estimations
349. Bayesian Nonparametric Approach-Multiple Categorical Item Responses
350. latent factor multinomial probit model-prior constructions
homogenous groups-relevant factors
351. Clustering-subjects
model parameters-number of observations
352. Pretreatment-BHA
ALT-AST
LDH levels- dose-dependent manner
antioxidant enzymes level-lipid peroxidation
hydrogen peroxide generation-hepatoprotective activity
BHA-potent antioxidant effects
353. complete remission (CR) rate- IAC arm
IA(L) arm-efficacy rate
IAC-IA(H) arms
Toxicity-karyotype
IAC regimen-IAL regimen
354. controlled trials-results in-evidence
Evidence-therapeutic options
355. Karnofsky performance status-progression-free survival (PFS)
Carboplatin-etoposide
Hematotoxicity-patients
Carboplatin-etoposide
risk-benefit profile-pretreated glioma patients
356. median follow-up-distant metastasis
local control-regional control
median overall survival -T category
nodal involvement-overall survival
Distant relapse-salivary gland tumors
advanced T category-nodal involvement
systemic therapy-distant relapse
357. Cancer-life expectancy
asymptomatic aggressive-metastatic 
358. The case- adenocarcinom component
359. Metaplastic carcinoma of the breast-cancer 
Metaplastic carcinoma of the breast-breast cancers 
360. Prognosis-spindle cell breast cancers
aggressive treatment-surgery
Chemotherapy-radiation 
361. hepatocellular carcinoma-non-cirrhotic patient
liver iron overload secondary-MDS
HCC-MDS patients
362. breast cancer-estrogen
progesterone receptor status
HER2/neu protein-system
triple negative breast cancer (TNBC)- non-TNBC subtypes
363. TNBC-non-TNBC patients
Ethnicity-tobacco abuse
family history-breast cancer
Pathologic stage-diagnosis
Chi-square test-χ2 value
demographic characteristics-clinico-pathologic characteristics
breast cancer-ethnic predisposition
364. stage I endometrium cancer patients-trial purposes
LT - LS
lymph node-intraoperative bleeding
hospitalization period-disease-free survival
Number-total resected lymph nodes
endometrial carcinoma-LS
365. Chernobyl accident-thyroid cancer
Chernobyl accident-European countries
366. Data-Turkish Atomic Energy Authority
Black Sea region-radiocontaminated
Chernobyl accident-thyroid cancers
Rize city-eastern Black Sea region
367. thyroid cancer-mean age
histopathologic diagnosis-papillary carcinoma
tumor size-multicentricity
thyroid carcinomas-thyroidectomies 
Institution- Chernobyl accident
368. operable tumors-ARH
RT-CCRT 
overall survival rates-disease-free survival rates
IA-NAC-stage IIIB squamous cell carcinoma of the cervix
369. poor prognosis-standard therapies
HIV/AIDS disease control-therapies
Transplantation-refractory 
Transplantation-HIV-associated PTCL
370. Tumors-local recurrence
Metastasis-targeted therapies
Tarceva®-epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) inhibitor
Treatment-recurrent thymic carcinoma
371. Women-UPSC
Recurrence-pleural space 
UPSC-initial treatment
372.  right pleural effusion- pleural based nodules
373. distal pancreatectomy- resection
primary neoplasm -negative margins
374. distal pancreatectomy-resection
primary neoplasm-negative margins
surveillance ultrasound-hepatic lesions
metastatic SPT-pancreas
latent metastasis-resected SPT
metastatic disease-surveillance
relevant literature-SPT
375. Breast cancer-women
Malignancy- western hemisphere
leading causes- mortality
376. Comparison- hormone receptors positive breast cancer
377. Association-body mass index triple
triple negative breast cancer-ethnicity
retrospective cohort study-sample size
Shortcomings-multicenter study
378. KRAS gene mutations-tumors
G/A-Gly12Asp
Mutations-age 
survival -synchronous metastasis
liver metastasis-factors
KRAS mutation status-prognostic value
wild-type KRAS-mutated KRAS
379. initial workup-pathology results
biopsies of both breast masses-bilateral breast cancer
380. radiographic imaging-right kidney mass
renal neoplasm- lung lesions
lung lesions-bone lesions
381. radiographic imaging-right kidney mass
renal neoplasm-lung lesions
lung lesions-bone lesions
re-review-breast pathology
382. Sickled erythrocytes-immunohistochemical panel
positive expression-PAX 8
Vimentin-Oct3/4
loss of INI1-metastatic renal medullary carcinoma
383. nuclear matrix protein NMP22-voided urine
Malignancy-bladder cancer
384. Participants-bladder cancer
history of smoking-symptoms
Hematuria- dysuria
385. malignancy of the urinary tract-voided urine sample
NMP22 protein-cytology 
voided urine sample-cystoscopy
386. Bladder cancer-NMP22 assay
cytology test results-positive
Sensitivity-specificity-initial endoscopy
muscle invasive-carcinoma in situ
noninvasive point-of-care assay-elevated urinary NMP22 protein
Cytoscopy-patient visit
387. Mucositis-side effect
Chemo-radiation therapy
388. active mucositis-solid tumors
Chemotherapy-Caphosol
Mucositis- duration of treatment
389. mucositis-Caphosol
Hospitalization-chemotherapy
oral candidiasis-Fluconozole
side effects- Caphosol.
solid tumor-chemotherapy-induced mucositis
390. TNBC-treatment options
Triple-negative breast cancers patients-receptor-targeted systemic therapy  
391. blood-brain barrier- drug therapy 
brain metastases-solid tumors
radiologic response-chemotherapy
large tumor size-HER2-positivity
success factors-concomitant use of trastuzumab
392. Pulmonary metastases-prostate cancer
Pulmonary metastases-pneumothorax
clinical manifestation-prostate cancer
393. Center-dyspnea
394. Case-rarity
prostate carcinoma-pulmonary manifestation
395. Colorectal cancer-leading causes
Deaths-western world
396. elevated serum glucose levels-lead to-disease development
elevated serum glucose levels-lead to-disease prevention
397. Gleason score-primary Gleason grade
hyperglycemic patients-prostate cancer
normoglycemic patients-hyperglycemic states
398. α1-AT blood levels-CI 
lung cancer-prostate cancer 
stage of cancer-P-value
value of testing α1-AT blood levels-efficacy of cancer treatment
399. vascular invasion-resectability of non-metastatic pancreatic adenocarcinoma
diagnostic accuracy -computed tomography (CT)
endoscopic ultrasound (EUS)-magnetic resonance imaging (MRI)
pre-operative evaluation-vascular invasion
pancreatic adenocarcinoma-surgery 
400. CT- EUS
MRI-evaluation of vascular invasion
pancreatic adenocarcinoma-line investigation
401. QOL-advanced lung cancer
Endpoint-patient population
402. symptom palliation-endpoint
403. breast cancers-endocrine dependent
Postmenopausal patients-have-positive hormone receptor status
Postmenopausal patients-aromatase inhibitor treatment
404. Progression-palliative therapy
 performance status-patient
405. Letrozole-near-complete remission
aromatase inhibitors-multiple lines of chemotherapy
Patients-progressive disease
406. Immunohistochemistry result-negative
TTF-1-Thyroglobulin
CD7-CD20
non-small cell lung adenocarcinoma-thyroid cancer
Immunohistochemistry result-gastrointestinal tract cancer 
407. CD10-Vimentin
RCC-positive
renal cell carcinoma-papillary cell type
408. Sunitinib-renal cell carcinoma 
objective response rate- progression free survival 
Sunitinib-IFNα
409. Para-Aortic-Lateral Pelvic Lymph Node Recurrence
Rectal Cancer Treated-S-1 Monotherapy
410. para-aortic- lateral pelvic lymph node recurrence
rectal cancer-S-1 monotherapy
411. low anterior resection-rectal cancer 
412. Para-aortic lymph-right lateral pelvic lymph node recurrence
fluorouracil/folinic acid- oxaliplatin regimen
413. Abdominal computed tomography-para-aortic
lateral pelvic lymph nodes recurrence-S-1 monotherapy
Case-complete response
414. G4 neutropenia - G3 fatigue
S-1 monotherapy-salvage treatmen
Abdominal computed tomography-para-aortic
lateral pelvic lymph nodes recurrence-S-1 monotherapy
complete response-recurrence
metastatic colorectal cancer-standard combination chemotherapy
415. RPA-Brain Metastases
Combined Surgery-Radiotherapy
416. Surgery-WBRT
radiation boost-metastatic site
417. univariate analysis- LC 
absence of ECM-radiation boost 
418. univariate analysi-BC
surgical resection-control of primary tumor
419. late anthracycline-induced cardiotoxicity-CW-Doppler ultrasound cardiac output monitoring echocardiography-serum biomarkers
420. cumulative anthracycline dose-EF
Echocardiography-SV 
USCOM- NYHA class
421. cardiac disease- EF 
SV -serum biomarkers
422. CW-Doppler USCOM-late hemodynamic changes
anthracycline-induced cardiotoxicity-echocardiography
Echocardiography-serum biomarkers
423. Quality of life (QOL)-endpoint
advanced cancer research-Clinicians
treatment options-regimens
424. Patients-education programs
emotional well-being-QOL
425. radiation therapy-doctor score 
426. Preservation-Fertility
Female Cancer Patients-Child Bearing 
427. Preservation-ovarian function
Fertility-female cancer patients
child-bearing capacity-future pregnancies 
428. Pregnancy rates-primary malignancy
stage of disease-method of fertility preservation
Age-reproductive capacity
status of partnership-genetic disposition
429. cure rates -survival
cancer diagnosis-treatment
430. assisted reproduction-preservation of ovarian function
Fertility-multidisciplinary care
young female patient-cancer
431. Pregnancy- first trimester exposure
Temozolomide-Glioblastoma Multiforme
432. Heterogeneity-sample size 
metastatic brain tumors -findings
433. FACT-Br-assessment of QOL
Social well-being- functional well-being
primary brain tumors -performance status
Patients-primary brain cancer
metastatic brain tumors- QOL domains
434. Patients- second line
disease progression-being-unwell
435. second line chemotherapy-overall survival
maintenance therapy-second line
436. Issues-HCPs
437. Items-HCPs rate 
patients rate-agreeability
438. HCPs-caring for themselves 
relevant item-brain metastases
Issues-HCPs
Items-HCPs rate 
patients rate-agreeability
439. Dossier=IQWiG
Data-adverse events (AEs)
Analyses-assess-AEs
440. G-BA-IQWiG
commenting procedure-data
Question-pain symptoms
AEs-vandetanib
morbidity -harm
441. therapeutic situation-BSC
Vandetanib-BSC
Studies-benefit assessment
442. Chemotherapy-Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group [ECOG] 
performance status-appropriate comparator therapy (ACT) 
best supportive care (BSC)-ACT 
443. Mesenteric lipoblastoma-intestinal volvulus
Infant-case report
444. small bowel obstruction- intraabdominal tumor
445.  Laparotomy-intestinal volvulus
Tumor-mesentery
446. colorectal cancer-dying
People-positive family history
447. diagnostic accuracy-family history tools
Screening-risk
positive family history-population.
448. screening strategy-family history tool 
Age- positive family history
449. positive test result-screening procedure
450. benefit assessment-screening procedures 
screening strategy-positive family history
451. Benefit-modified screening
People-positive family history
452. survival data-extrapolation techniques
Estimates-survival benefit
453.  survival benefit-relevant clinical trial(s) 
survival gain-Quality Adjusted Life Years gained
inaccurate estimates-cost-effectiveness 
454. Extrapolation-models 
functional forms-survival estimates
455. Methods-survival estimates
extrapolation approach-extrapolation
decision makers- associated economic analysis
456.  Statistical tests-alternative models
Censoring-dataset
Dataset-Extrapolation
457. Plausibility-extrapolated portion 
survival model-estimated mean survival
458. survival analyses-NICE Technology Appraisals (TAs) 
Metastatic-advanced cancer interventions 
methods -circumstances
methods -contexts 
459. survival models-robust economic evaluations
460. anorectal malignant melanoma-bowel habits
rectal bleeding-hemorrhoids
Polyp- rectal cancer
461. laparoscopic techniques-laparoscopic techniques
462. female patients-one-sided thyroid pathology
ABBA technique-malignoma
Thyroiditis-recurrencies
463. Handprobe-signal deviation
signal deviation-tube adhesive electrode
464. Direct neuromonitoring-endoscopic ABBA technique
thyroid resection-Vagal stimulation
open thyroid surgery-endoscopic operation method
465. Unexpected tube electrode dislocation-IONM misinterpretation
466. tertiary hyperparathyroidism-bone pain
Osteoporosis-subtotal parathyroidectomy
subtotal parathyroidectomy-kidney transplantation
467. Histological evaluation-parathyroid lesions
parathyroid carcinoma-diffuse hyperplasia 
468. positron emission tomography-computed tomography- operation
local recurrence-distant metastasis
469. Individuals-SAT
general population-tobacco-related morbidity 
470. Data-National Survey of Substance Abuse Treatment Services (N-SSATS)
substance abuse treatment facilities-public 
substance abuse treatment facilities-private
471. SAT facilities-TCS
Screening- tobacco use
TCS-benefits 
health of clients-SAT 
drug treatment outcomes- alcohol treatment outcomes
472. Healthcare-Americans
chronic conditions-U.S. national healthcare research agenda
high concentration of healthcare expenditures-population
473. Readmissions-high concentration of healthcare expenditures
474. quality of care-delivery of care
chronic illnesses- U.S. Congressional Budget Office (CBO)
disease management-care coordination programs
approaches -hospital admissions
475. medical workforce-medical specialization
Fragmentation- primary care
476. primary care system-chronic conditions
healthcare providers-decentralized healthcare delivery system 
fee-for-service healthcare delivery system-facilitate communication
477. Programs-coordination
Models-coordination
478. Coordination-handoffs
primary care-specialty care
Admissions-primary care
Consults-intense short stay 
Admissions-diagnostic unit services
479. inpatient utilizers-case management
PCMH models-‘intensive primary care’ models
480. Research Brief-National Institute for Health Care Reform
Taxonomy-‘High-Intensity Primary Care’ programs
PCMH-based approaches-patients
481. physician-led-team-based discussion
Coordination-primary care
Approach-AHRQ reviews
482. evidence brief-full systematic review
scope of work-traditional review methods 
Evidence-timeframe
483. available research-evidence
evidence brief-policy options
evidence brief-novel programs
484. Pathological findings-pheochromocytoma
malignant peripheral nerve sheath tumor- ruptured adrenal tumor 
485. reported cases-composite pheochromocytoma
malignant peripheral nerve sheath tumor-present case
486. Thymic epithelial tumour (TET)-histologic subclassificatio
veterinary literature-humans
TET subtypes-dogs 
utility of immunohistochemistry (IHC)-subtypes
487. World Health Organization (WHO) criteria-human tumours
human tumours-thymic origin
medical records-subtypes 
atypical thymomas-thymic carcinomas
thymic carcinomas -thymomas
488. SLN detection-node excision
489. Scintigram -time constraints
490. γ-probe-Isosulfan blue dye
SLN detection-identification rate
Scintigrams-operating surgeon
SLN detection-Intraoperative SLN identification
491. Routine scintigram-current practice
492. Minimally invasive surgery-rectal cancer
rectal cancer-laparotomy
493. small molecule-E-cadherin expression
cancer cell lines-mechanism
494. ML327-E-cadherin expression
tumor cell lines-E-cadherin transcription
495. canine anal sac apocrine gland adenocarcinoma (ASAGAC)-adjuvant chemotherapy
carboplatin chemotherapy-ASAGAC
496. ASAGAC-adjuvant carboplatin 
overall survival (OS)-time to progression (TTP)
primary tumour size-lymph node metastasis
Chemotherapy-survival
497. Malone antegrade continence enema-abdominoperineal resection
perineal colostomy-permanent colostomy
498. Gastrointestinal stromal tumours (GIST)-mesenchymal tumours
Gastrointestinal stromal tumours (GIST)-gastrointestinal neoplasms 
499. neoadjuvant Imatinib-staging of the tumour
500. HER2 status-gastric
GEJ cancers-India
501. Complications-leakage
low anastomosis-ultralow anastomosis
rectal cancer-neoadjuvant radiotherapy
502. Primary abdominal tumours-prognosis
cost of treatment- psychological trauma
503. Necrosis-reoperation
Obesity-TRAM flap breast reconstruction
504. Intraoperative frozen sections (FS) -sentinel lymph nodes (SLNs) 
metastatic disease- axillary lymph node dissection
505. FS-sensitivity
Specificity-overall accuracy 
positive predictive value-negative predictive value
FS-metastasis of SLNs 
506. thyroid cancer (TC)-larynx
thyroid cancer (TC)-trachea
surgical resection-Windmill resection
Tetris reconstruction- laryngeal lumen
507. permanent tracheostomy-permanent bilateral RLN palsy
508. window resection-larynx
local control-unsightly surgical wound
509. Hospital-abdominal pain
Lump-abdomen
510. leukotriene (LT)-D4 receptor-CysLT1R
Carcinogenesis-antitumor effects
montelukast (MON)-CysLT1R antagonist
mouse mammary carcinoma model-solid Ehrlich carcinoma (SEC)
511. MON treatments-mitigated-tumor- 
MON treatments-mitigated-DOX-induced declines
DOX-induced declines-immune parameters
512. MON-led to-decreased NF-κB nuclear expression
tumor cells-DOX-induced apoptosis
513. Human adenovirus (HAdV)-immunocompromised patients
liver transplant-mortality
514. molecular techniques-surveillance testing protocols
HAdV infection-HAdV disease
515. cidofovir treatment-declines in-HAdV viral loads
clinical improvement-solid organ
cidofovir treatment-bone marrow transplant recipients
516. immune suppression-antiviral therapy
Toxicities-cidofovir therapy
517. Clinicians-adenoviremia detection
low-risk patients-potential toxicities
518. resectable recurrences-curative resection
519. curative resection-GI cancers
West-Indian population
disease pattern-social milieu
520. Migraine-headache
Migraine-disability
521. Mg-conserve-neurons electric potential
magnesium deficiency -neurological complications
522. Migraine-amounts of Mg
Serum-cerebrospinal fluid (CSF)
523. Magnesium deficiency- liver diseases
nutrient uptake-urinary secretion
serum albumin concentration-hormone inactivation
524. low magnesium content-diseases
Disruption-mitochondrial function
defective protein kinase C (PKC) translocation-inflammatory responses
oxidative stress- metabolic disorders 
525. magnesium supplementation-liver function
526. Magnesium-basic elements
Magnesium-physiological functions
527. Magnesium deficiency-reduced nutrient content
528. Absorption-organic magnesium compounds
Absorption-inorganic compounds
Transitions-tissues
organic magnesium compounds-doses
organic acid-bounded compounds-amino acid-bounded compounds
Transition- bioavailability
529. high volume of solvent-tissue magnesium levels
galenic formulation-convenient dosage
530. magnesium compounds-doses
Brain magnesium levels-magnesium acetyl taurate administered subjects
Magnesium citrate-increased-muscle magnesium levels
Magnesium citrate-increased-brain magnesium levels
high doses-administered magnesium
high doses-tissue magnesium levels
531. Decreased bone mass-bone fractures 
Osteoporosis-imbalance of bone resorptio
Osteoporosis- bone formation
532. Magnesium-vitamin D 
Elderly-bone formation
Implications-deficiency
Deficiency-elderly population
533. serum magnesium-aortic calcification
 Klotho knock-out mice-magnesium diet
534. Mice-magnesium diet
femoral bone mineral density-osteoid formation
osteoid formation-osteomalacia
535. Saos-2 osteoblasts-magnesium supplementation
mineralization independent-osteoblast function
high dietary magnesium-prevents-calcification
536. Inflammatory-extracellular matrix remodeling pathways
Aorta-magnesium treatment
vascular calcification-osteomalacia
537. Chronic kidney disease (CKD)-abnormalities
Abnormalities-mineral metabolism
538. mineral disorder-bone disorder
CKD (CKD-MBD)-propose strategies
CKD-MBD progression-metallic elements-based P binders
539. Magnesium-treat-CKD-MBD
CKD-MBD-bone homeostasis
540. magnesium supplementation 
Magnesium-management of CKD-MBD
541. Macrophages-inflammatory process
Cytokines-tissue healing 
Cytokines-implants
542. Magnesium-based biomaterials-inflammation resolution
Magnesium-based biomaterials-improving-tissue repair
543. Mg extracts-macrophage
cytokine production-anti-inflammatory
Mg-based biomaterials -inflammation resolution 
Mg-based biomaterials -improving tissue repair
544. Hypomagnesemia-Mg2+ 
Mg2+ -eye diseases
545. Mg2+-endothelial nitric oxide synthase
endothelin-1-vasodilatation
Vasodilatation-retinal vessels
546. Mg2+-maintain-lens sodium pump activity
antioxidant status-calcium channels
Glutamate-nerve endings. Furthermore
retinal ganglion cells-pharmacological agent
547. Magnesium-over-consumption
under-excretion- health issues
548. Magnesium supplementation-restless legs syndrome (RLS)
Magnesium supplementation-period limb movement disorder (PLMD)
Symptoms-leg cramps
549. Abstracts-research question
550. antinociceptive action
magnesium involves-antagonist action
N-methyl-d-aspartate (NMDA) receptor-central sensitization
antagonist action-pain hypersensitivity
551. Magnesium (Mg2+ )-bone
bone growth-bone regeneration
552. Mg2+ -mineralization
bone marrow mesenchymal stem cells-osteogenesis
crystalline morphology-HA
collagen calcification-bone biomineralization
Mg2+ concentration-biomineralization
553. Mutation-impaired T cell activation
Mutation-hematologic malignancies
554. serum/dietary magnesium-cardiovascular disease (CVD)
dose-response meta-analysis-coronary heart disease (CHD)
555. pain reduction-headache
Headache-magnesium sulfate
556. pain relief-magnesium sulfate
Migraine-aura (MA) subgroup
557. Analgesia-magnesium sulfate
Study-MA subgroup
558. headache recurrence-magnesium sulfate
559. meta-analysis-clinical heterogeneity
560. Hypertension-diabetes
Diabetes-low serum magnesium
561. endogenous levels-magnesium (Mg)
homeostasis regulation-bioavailability
562. AUC -Mg absorption
endogenous content-concentration
563. SLC11A1-reduced-Salmonella replication
SLC11A1-divalent metal cations
564. metal magnesium-resistance mechanism
SLC11A1-Salmonella
565. vitro study-human gingival fibroblasts (HGFs)
magnesium-doped titanium-human gingival fibroblasts (HGFs)
566. western blot-suggested- Mg-modified titanium
phosphorylation of AKT-activation of PI3K
567. magnesium-doping-soft tissue sealings
implant necks-peri-implant soft tissue integrations
568. plasma levels-therapeutic effects
supplementation with magnesium-clinical trials 
Cation-therapeutic effects
569. magnesium supplementation-lowers-IL-6
magnesium supplementation-lowers-muscle soreness
magnesium supplementation-increases-post-exercise blood glucose
570. Magnesium supplementation-reduced-IL-6 response
Magnesium supplementation-enhanced-recovery of blood glucose
muscle soreness-strenuous exercise
571. magnesium sulfate regimens-confirmatory clinical trials
572. osteoimmunomodulatory property-biomaterials
osteogenic differentiation-stem cells
Biomaterials-bone regeneration
573. degradation rate of Mg-inflammation
Inflammation-bone tissue engineering
574. osteoimmunomodulatory properties-Mg ions 
Macrophages-bone marrow stem cells (BMSCs)
575. Mg ion concentration-osteoimmunomodulatory properties
Evidence-Mg-based bone biomaterials
576. Magnesium-Decreases-VEGF Levels
577. Vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF)-angiogenesis
Vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF)-blood supply
physiological angiogenesis-pathological angiogenesis
578. VEGF-increases-gynecological diseases
prognostic factor-pathologies
VEGF- maintained -appropriate levels
579. uterine tissue-Mg-treated subjects
magnesium levels-histological changes
VEGF levels-SOD levels
GPx levels-MDA levels
magnesium use-decreased-VEGF levels
VEGF levels-uterine oxidative stress
magnesium usage-angiogenesis
580. Magnesium (Mg)-biomedical applications
Biodegradability-elastic modulus 
Bones-metallic implant materials
581. Mg alloys-mechanical integrity
bone healing-clinical application
582. reinforcement particle-magnesium matrix
governing equations-strengthening parameters
583. calcium intake-magnesium intake
physical activity-chronic disease prevention.
584. Metabolic failure-dyslipidemia
Metabolic failure-coagulation
cardiovascular disease (CVD)-type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM)
585. Magnesium supplementation-increased-lactate clearance 
Patients-severe sepsis
586. calcium-magnesium
physio-chemical interactions-gene regulation
bio-macromolecular structural modification-biofilms
587. serum magnesium (Mg)-premenstrual syndrome (PMS) 
588. Library-web of science databases
Mg -PMS.
589. Mg2+ -promotes-competent blastocyst
Mg2+ -promotes-term development
defined medium-serum and somatic cell co-culture
590. Magnesium (Mg) alloys-embraced-biodegradability
Magnesium (Mg) alloys-embraced-biocompatibility
591. Mg-degrades-biological environment
deposition of calcium phosphate-metal
592. metal absorption-minerals
Tissue-pathogenic calcification
593. metal absorption-minerals
Tissue-pathogenic calcification
Feasibility-matrix GLA protein (MGP)
Mg mineralization- metal alloy degradation
594. Implantation-MGP group
corrosion rate-protective mineral layer
595. Intramuscular ionized magnesium-chronic latent Mg deficiency
Women-serum magnesium levels
596. Mutations-CorA
Mg2+ ions conferred resistance- scaffold
597. Compound-lacked-efficacy 
infected mice- limited exposure
598. biochemical hypocalcemia-severe hypocalcemia
Level-indicating-hospitalization
599. Osteomalacia-Magnesium
Magnesium- Janus face
600. type 2 persons-hypomagnesaemia
type 2 diabetes mellitus-physical exercise
healthy diet-behavior therapy
supplementation of magnesium-complication